


The Boy of the Cherry Blossoms










By: Orion







To my grandparents, the most loving people in the world, who have supported me through and through.

Table of Contents



ONE
Grandma loved the cherry blossoms.
All pink and white in a breeze.
In the spring, there’d be thousands of little petals dancing in the wind. They’d flutter and gleam in the sunlight, until even the skies above were splashed with soft, blushing hues of pink. 
“In 1912, Japan gave 3,020 cherry trees to the U.S. as a gift to celebrate the growing friendship between our two countries. Most of them were planted right in our very own nation’s capital, Washington D.C.” 
Somebody raised their hand. “Ms. White?”
Ms. White turned to the speaker. A pretty blonde girl named Sophia. “Yes, Sophia?”
“Isn’t that where the Cherry Blossom Festival takes place?” 
Ms. White smiled. “That’s correct.”
Something sparked in the back of my head, and I quickly jotted down another idea in my notebook. When I was a kid, Grandma would always take me to see the cherry blossoms. Every year, we’d spent an entire week in D.C. just to watch the festivities. I vaguely remembered the petals, and I remembered trying to take some home with me every time we went. 
Boy goes to Cherry Blossom Festival.
Meets girl?
Love?
Maybe a cherry blossom themed wedding?
Length: a couple of pages.
Title?
Back in the classroom, Ms. White had already moved on. She rolled her fingernails over the whiteboard and pointed to a picture of a cherry tree being planted. First cherry tree planted in the U.S, 1912, the caption read.
“The Japanese have another name for them: the Sakura blossom,” she said. “Now, the Sakura blossom is the national flower of Japan. As a bonus question, can anyone tell me what happened between Japan and America during the second World War?”
Moments passed. Nobody raised their hands.
I ducked my head and locked eyes with my notebook, filled with the scribbles of half-formed ideas. Avoid eye contact. Pretend to think extremely hard about the problem. Tap chin for extra emphasis. As long as she didn’t call on me, I was good. I had no clue what she was talking about. I didn’t even remember studying last week.
“Anybody?” Ms. White looked around the room. I stared determinedly down and tapped at my chin even harder than before. Finally, when nobody answered, she moved on with a sigh. “The answer is, and you guys should know this by now, a falling out between the two countries. Being on opposites sides of the war, America put many of her locally born Japanese Americans in internment camps. And on the next slide, you’ll see…”
Ms. White clicked her mouse once and frowned. Nothing happened. In a few moments’ time, she tried again. This time, a familiar spiral came up. Underneath the slowly turning circle was a clearly printed word: Loading… 
My eyes flicked up to the Wi-Fi indicator, which now sported a little red X.
Something was wrong.
“Sorry, sorry,” Ms. White apologized, clicking around helplessly at an unresponsive screen. She glanced up with knitted eyebrows. “Chris, can you—”
I was already moving. 
“Yeah, I got it.” 
Ms. White shot me a grateful smile as I made my way up to her computer. I dipped my head and turned to the task at hand. My fingers found three familiar keystrokes. 
cmd
From the Command Prompt Terminal, I could access every little detail of the computer, including what networks it’d connected to before. In this case, it was the school’s network. For some reason, random router resets had been messing messed the Wi-Fi. That’s where I came in.
netsh wlan show profiles SchoolNet key = clear
I entered the network’s latest password and spun around in my seat. Fast and easy, just like Dad taught me.
“Here you go, Ms. White,” I said. 
Ms. White, who’d stood back to watch me work, gave me another smile. She took the mouse and refreshed the slides. They loaded back without a problem. “Thanks, Chris,” she said.
“Mhm.”
Before I could stand up and go back to my seat, somebody clapped. I blinked when Matt’s eyes met mine, and once again when he winked. Horror dawned on me a moment too late. Matt’s clapping was contagious, and within seconds, the rest of the room was clapping. They were only doing it to shave off what little time of class we had left, I knew that, but it didn’t make it any less embarrassing. 
My cheeks grew hot, and I made to stand up from my seat before it could get any worse. Matt’s eyes flickered to something behind me. I whirled around. That was when I noticed the screen. Connected to the computer, it’d beamed my actions up for the entire class to see. Even the terminal, with its ashy white letters, blinked back at me. 
Play along, Matt mouthed. I suppressed a sigh, ignoring the grin that split his lips. This was exactly what I didn’t want to happen. Meanwhile, Ms. White attempted damage control. 
“Okay, okay. Guys seriously, settle down. Matt, settle down. That’s enough,” her voice was lost in the commotion. 
I felt bad, but really, what did she expect? There were ten minutes until lunch. Everybody was starving. I also didn’t want to make her job harder, which was exactly why I swung back around to type in one last command.
color a
My code flashed a bright, neon green. The cheers doubled. Matt shot me a thumbs-up, laughing as he bumped fists with a boy next to him. Ms. White’s lips twisted into an exasperated scowl, and when I covered my own laugh with a hand, she turned her glare on me. It was hard to take her seriously like that, but I managed it. 
“Get back to your seat, Chris,” she said.
I stifled a grin. “Yes, Ma’am.” 
“Guys, seriously. We need to move on—"	
I tuned her out. Only the small exhilarated butterflies from my little showing was left. They fluttered in my stomach and made chest all fuzzy and warm. I flipped my notebook to a fresh page, mind whirring with newfound ideas. My pencil trembled as it touched the page. This would be a good story. 
Legendary genius level prodigy hacker saves his high school from terrible virus.
Gets the girl.
Becomes super popular.
Length: probably only a few pages.
Title: CMD? Hacker? 
I didn’t pay attention for the rest of class.  
When the bell rang, my mind was so cluttered with ideas about the plot, characters, and cliffhangers, that I couldn’t think of anything else. It was a familiar feeling, one that stemmed from way too many badly written fanfictions. It animated the butterflies in my gut. 
Maybe the main character should be a pretty boy—that way, he’d get all the ladies. He’d would definitely be edgy, because all cool characters are edgy. He’d wear a black hoodie and fingerless gloves, and he’d have anime hair (obviously). I grinned and jotted down some more notes. 
The main character, who’s name had yet to be decided, would be someone my age. He’d be a normal student in the mornings, but at night, a notorious hacker that stalked the cyber underworld. A digital vigilante.
I was so enamored with the character design of my newest hero that when somebody tapped me on the shoulder, I didn’t notice the first few times. It took a couple more taps before I realized I was needed elsewhere.
“Hello?” A hand waved in front of my face. 
I blinked. 
“Earth to Chris?”
“Yo,” I said.
“Seriously?” Matt laughed. “I call your name a billion times and all you can say is yo?”
“Well,” I closed my notebook, drawing as little attention to it as possible. “Hey is for horses, and hello is boring. What’s up?”
He shook his head. “Nothing much. The rest of the guys were gonna go get lunch off campus. Wanna come?”
“Oh,” I said. “Um…”
My hesitation was noticeable, and Matt picked up on it right away. He clapped me on the shoulder. “Hey, don’t sweat it man. It’s just an invite, no pressure. I’m not asking for a long-term relationship.” He paused, then wiggled his eyebrows. “Unless you want me to.”
I rolled my eyes. “Ha ha.”
Matt laughed at that. “I’ll catch you later then?” he asked.
“Later,” I agreed.
He walked off with a wave. I exhaled through my nose, then put my notebook in my bag and walked off to find some peace and quiet. There were around forty minutes before classes started up again and not a single moment to waste. My new story awaited. 
High schools in New York were just like the city­—loud and never sleeping. Moments of peace and quiet were rare, and practically unheard of between the whispering of the streets below and the chattering of students passing by. For writing, there was only one place I could go.
I climbed.
Past a group of giggling freshmen. Past Matt waving at me from the courtyard. Up seven flights of stairs and onto the west wing’s roof. Dad had always said exercise was good for me. At least now he’d get off my case.
By the time I reached the top, it was already mid-noon. I maneuvered into the usual spot and set down my bag. Thirty something minutes left remained, just enough time to hammer out the beginning paragraphs of the story. I slid my notebook out and began. 
In a dark room upon the crux of midnight, a tiny flicker of light peered out from underneath the sheet covers. The dimly lit screen of a laptop. Practiced fingers typed away at the keyboard as sharp eyes followed the ensuing lines of code that appeared with his every command…
I spent the rest of the school day writing. 
There were still two classes left after lunch, but with a newly minted hero on my mind, how could I pay attention? I still needed to flesh out his backstory, as well as the how’s and why’s. The poor guy didn’t even have a name yet. The plot itself would take around another hour or so of planning, and the rest of the characters would take a little less than that since I was only doing a short story. If all else went well, I’d have half of a first draft ready by the time I got home. 
Looking back on it, it sounded like wishful thinking. 
“Yo!” Matt said, taking the chair in front of me. The school bell had rung moments before, and already, people were streaming out the door. They moved like a river of bodies fleeing the movie theater.  
I smiled at him. “Yo.”
“And how’s our resident edge-lord doing?” He propped up one leg, leaving the other to swing lazily beneath the desk. 
“Better before you came along,” I bumped his outstretched fist. 
Matt laughed at that. “You sure?”
“Pretty sure.”
“Okay, alright. Whatever helps you sleep at night,” he held up a hand. “And don’t say my mother.”
“Your mother,” I said. 
He frowned, “Hey, that’s my joke.”
“Yes, yes it is.”
His grin turned wicked. “It’s pretty good, isn’t it?” 
“Yes, yes it is!”
He laughed again. I rolled my eyes, still smiling. “Anyway, what’s up?”
“Nothing much,” he echoed his answer from earlier. “Just wanted to know what you’re doing after school. I think me and a couple of the other guys are gonna catch a movie at the dollar theater. Maybe grab a bite at the new K-barb place that opened up. Wanna come?”
“Oh, um…” 
Matt held up a hand. He didn’t even hesitate. “Hey, it’s cool man.”
I winced. “Sorry.”
“Don’t worry about it,” he gestured to my notebook. “New project, or…?” 
Thankfully, from where Matt was sitting, he couldn’t read it because it was upside down, not to mention my incredibly messy handwriting. I closed it as casually as I could and tucked it beneath my arm.
“Something like that,” I said.  
“Is it for your dad, or your own thing?” he asked.
“My dad.” 
Matt’s smile grew sympathetic. I looked away. 
“How is he?” his voice lowered. 
I played with the edges of my seat. I didn’t know how to answer that. 
“He’s alright.” I said, after a little while. “Still alive and kicking. He might have a surgery in a couple of months, but after that, he’ll be as good as new. Hopefully. Probably.”
Matt gripped my shoulder a little tighter. “That’s good, that’s good.”
“Yeah.”
In the silence that followed, a soft orange light washed through the windows, begetting the sunset. It was now well into the afternoon. We watched as the receding backs of more people left the classroom, drifting off in groups of two or three. There were as little as a handful left. Sophia flashed Matt a parting smile as she stepped through the door, “Bye Matt!” 
Matt waved. “Later Soph!”
I hid a smile at that. Matt and Sophia. The two most talkative people I knew. Who would’ve thought? I nudged him when I was sure she’d left. “Nice one.”
“I know, right,” he grinned. “Anyway, I didn’t get to ask this at lunch, but what the heck was that this morning? It’s been a hot minute since you last went into hacker mode.”
“Hacker mode?” I tilted my head. 
“Yeah. You know, your computer voodoo,” he said. 
“Please, don’t call it that,” I said. 
“Okay. Your black magic then.”
I sighed. “Matt.”
“What?” 
“Nothing, never mind,” I shook my head. “I was fixing her Wi-Fi, that’s all. And weren’t you the one who riled up the entire class?”
“I’ll fix your Wi-Fi.”
“Huh?”
“What?”
I raised an eyebrow. He met my gaze head on. When it was apparent he wouldn’t say more, I shook my head again. “Right.”
Matt cracked a smile. “So, what do you have to do this time?”
“Hm?”
He pointed at the notebook tucked carefully under my arms. “That. You’ve been working on that thing since History.”
“Oh, well that’s—”
“Is it firewall coding?” His voice dropped to a whisper as he leaned in. Like he was talking about some great big secret that had catastrophic side effects. “Somebody want you to crack something? Is it freelance, maybe?” His grin grew wide. “Or…”
“Or?” 
“Or is it some super top-secret assignment where you have to hack into the White House’s security system?”
I blinked. “What?”
“Well?” Matt’s eyes gleamed, and he was leaning so far forward I wasn’t sure if he was kidding or not. “Is it?”
“What—no, Matt.” I shook my head. “Of course not.”
“Damn, that sucks,” he said, sitting back in his seat with a small pout. I smiled despite myself. A hint of pink crept up his cheeks, and he crossed his arms.
“What?” he said. “I mean, that would’ve been so cool.”
I tapped the side of my temple, clicking my tongue to show him it wasn’t empty. “I swear, I don’t even know where you get all this from. Is your head only there for decoration?”
“Ouch,” he said.
“That explains your last Math test,” I said. 
“Double ouch.”
“And the fact you tried to hit on—”
“Okay!” Matt shot up and slapped a hand over my mouth. His eyes darted about frantically. “We’re good, we’re good. Not gonna talk about that one.” 
I suppressed a grin. He saw straight through it. 
“I hate you, I do,” he grumbled. “Tell me about the damn job already.” 
“It’s a just security test. Nothing to it,” I said. 
It wasn’t technically a lie. There really was a normal security test waiting at home. Dad’s table was always loaded with new work; he never noticed when a few of them went missing. 
“A security test?” Matt sounded incredulous.
I nodded.
“And you’ve been working on it since before lunch?” he asked. 
“Yeah?” I didn’t see where he was going with this.
Matt hesitated, then wet his lips. He eyed the notebook under my arms. “Well, isn’t that supposed to be one of your easier jobs?”
“They’re pretty easy, yeah.” 
“But, I mean, today at least, you were super concentrated through all our classes. Your face was all scrunched up, and you kept frowning and stuff, so I thought…” he trailed off. 
I winced, shifting in my seat. During Math, while we were supposed to be taking notes, I ran into a tiny case of writer’s block. I couldn’t get the entire plot planned out because of that, and if what he was saying was true, I must’ve looked pretty pissed. 
“Um, it’s a new type of security system. Web based, and totally back ended,” I told him, trying to stumble into an explanation that hopefully wouldn’t seem too suspicious. I rolled my shoulders. “Their firewall was really tough. I’ve a few ideas on how I can get through, but I’m gonna need a computer to actually test them out.”
Matt blinked. “Uh, right. I’m gonna pretend like I know what you’re talking about.”
“Oh, right. Sorry,” I said.  
Matt shook his head. “Don’t apologize, man. I just think it’s cool you already know all this stuff. I mean, think about your college essays: genius programmer codes to pay dad’s hospital bills. That sounds like something out of a movie.”
“Please, no,” I said. 
“Come on! It sounds cool, doesn’t it?” He nodded at the few people who were left. “It’s probably way cooler than what anyone else can come up with.”
I smiled despite myself. “And what’s yours gonna be? Cross country captain hits on soccer girl and gets burned?”
“That’s cold, man. Real cold.”
“You needed the ice.”
Matt winced. “I hate you.”
“Love you too, Matt.”
When the last of the students left the room, Matt stood up from his seat. I raised my gaze, silently asking him a question.
“I’ve gotta go,” he gestured at the door. “Adam’s band practice is probably done by now, and the movie’s in an hour. We’re meeting up with a couple other people too.” He stopped to look back at me. “You uh, you sure you don’t want in?”
I considered it. It sounded nice. To watch a movie with the guys and goof around for the evening. But I couldn’t. Not when there were still assignments to finish, homework to do, and a story to write. Besides, Dad needed me.
I shook my head, “Sorry dude. Not this time.”
 If Matt was disappointed, he didn’t show it. Instead, he nodded as we both got ready to leave. “Hey, no worries. I’ll tell the guys your dad wanted you for something.”
“Thanks, man.”
Matt offered up his fist. I bumped it.
“Some other time though?” he asked.
“Yeah,” I said, hoping my words didn’t sound as empty as they seemed. “Sure.”
Matt grinned at me and walked off. Then it was just me, and the setting sun, and a bus I had to catch. I shoulder my backpack and sighed. 
“Some other time.”

TWO
“How was school, kid?”
I played with the straps of my backpack. “It was good.”
“You like your classes so far?”
“They’re okay.”
“Which one’s your favorite?”
I rolled my eyes. “You ask me this every time, Mr. Truong. I like them all.”
Mr. Truong laughed, a deep sound that burst from his stomach. I winced as a few heads swiveled our way. 
“Stay in school, kid,” he said. “Stay in school. You don’t want to end up like me.”
“What are you talking about?” I said. “You’re doing great.”
“I own a restaurant.”
“Yeah, and it serves the best pho on the block.”
Mr. Truong grinned. “The best pho in the city.”
“Don’t get too carried away.”
He laughed again, and I allowed myself a small smile. Around us, the city bustled with haste. The sound of cars honking mingled with our bus stop small talk; a river of bodies crossed a nearby intersection. I stepped aside as a couple people boarded their bus. My own bus would be here any second. 
“Tell you what,” he said. “If you swing around later, I’ll cut you a deal. Extra large number one, half off.”
I shook my head. “Sorry, boss. No can do. I’ve got homework.”
“You sure? I’ll even let you bring your friend.”
“Friend?” I blinked. “What friend?”
He pointed across the bus station. “Look. She’s staring at you.”
I followed his finger past a clutter of heads. Big green eyes peered back. 
It was a girl. Sunglasses dangled from the V of her shirt, letting me catch a glimpse of her neck. Her hair was highlighted with bands of gold from the setting sun. And she was staring at me, pinning me down with her gaze. I met her eyes for a fraction of a second, then froze when she shot me a tentative smile. 
“Is she your girlfriend?” Mr. Truong asked.
“No,” I tore my gaze away from her. “I-I don’t have a girlfriend.”
“Well, she’s pretty.”
I didn’t answer that. I was too busy leaning away from her eyes. Maybe she was looking at somebody behind me? Maybe she was smiling because she saw somebody she knew behind me? With the way she held herself, I really couldn’t tell. But, she must’ve been. I had no idea who she was. 
My bus pulled up by the curbside. A few people began lining up for the door.
“Yeah, um, listen. I’ll catch you later, Mr. Truong,” I tugged my backpack over my shoulder. “I’ll swing by for pho some other time.”
“You’re not going to talk to your friend?”
I coughed. Even now, I could feel her eyes burning holes in the back of my neck. “She’s um—she’s got me confused with somebody else.”
Mr. Truong shrugged, “Alright. See you later, kid.”
“Later.”
I got on the bus and found a seat by the back far window. Before we rolled away, I snuck one last glance at my strange stalker. She hadn’t moved. She was still staring off into space, as silent as a mannequin, like the world had been pulled out from beneath her feet. When the bus rumbled to life, she looked directly at me. I shivered and looked away. 
Her eyes, green as they were, reminded me of a cat’s. They were so intense they boiled. 
I came home just as the sun turned red. 
Dad was probably still resting; the doctors had him on all sorts of drugs. 
I set my bag down and checked the time; it was almost five. Dinner sounded nice. Dad probably wouldn’t mind waking up to something hot either. I looked through our mostly empty pantry and grabbed a few things. Spaghetti and meatballs, I decided. And soup. Dad would like soup.
In the end, I eased his door open with a steaming plate of red sauce spaghetti and chicken noodle soup. No salt, no cheese.
Dad’s room was dark. The heavy curtains that draped over the windows blocked out most of the setting sun, but a few strands of dusk still sifted through the cracks. A lone lamp cast a soft light in the corner by his work desk. In the center of the room was Dad, dwarfed by his king-sized bed, chest rising and falling with gentle breaths. 
I set down the food and took a seat next to him.
In the warmth of the lamplight, he looked younger, more at peace. Maybe it was because he was sleeping. Maybe he was feeling better. I exhaled and brushed back a loose lock of hair from his brow. I got up to get my assignments.
From the mountain of papers piled high on his desk, I picked out three. 
I made sure he wouldn’t miss them. 
Dad used to say coding was cathartic, that he could get lost in front of a computer for hours on end. He wasn’t wrong—it always made me lose track of time. But for me, it wasn’t because I loved coding. I lost track of time was because it was frustrating, and hard, and made me want to tear my hair out. When I fixed one damn bug, three more would pop up. I had no idea how he did it. 
Thankfully, the assignments I’d chosen tonight were easy. I finished the first one a little past midnight. 
I’d asked him once why he loved it so much. Programming, long nights, the whole she-bang. Dad’s smile had been fierce. That day, he sat me down in front of a computer and taught me code from some old computer science textbook. As an eight-year old, it’d been the longest day of my life, but with Grandma and Dad both watching, I couldn’t give up. 
“How do you feel, buddy?” he’d asked me after.  
“Tired,” I said.
Dad laughed and ruffled my hair. “Right, but do you feel that?”
“Feel what?” 
“That feeling in your stomach. Right… here.” He poked me somewhere below above the naval. I giggled and grabbed his hand. “Daddy!”
“Hm?”
“That tickles!”
Dad laughed again and settled down beside me. He wore a proud smile. “That feeling in your stomach, Chris. Can you feel it glow?”
I closed my eyes and searched for a ‘glowing feeling.’ I nodded when I found it. “I think so. It’s kind of warm, and it tingles,” I told him. 
“That’s it, buddy!” his smile grew wider. “Now, do you know what it is?”
I shook my head.
“That, my little genius, is something us programmers like to call the sunset,” he said. 
“The sunset?” I echoed. 
“The sunset.”
“I don’t get it,” I said. 
“It’s kind of like this,” he said. “Even though these problems were super hard, you still finished them, right?” I nodded, and Dad continued, “And what do you feel right now?”
“Tired,” I said.
“Besides that,” he laughed. “What do you feel besides that?”
I struggled to articulate my feelings. “I feel… happy?”
“Right, right. Exactly right,” he nodded. “You feel happy because you’re proud of yourself. And even though the problems were hard, you still finished them. That’s what the sunset feels like. All bright and warm and—”
“Glowing?” 
He grinned. “Exactly.”
I grinned back. “That’s so cool, Daddy! I want to feel the sunset!”
“That’s good, my little genius. That’s good!”
“Do you feel the sunsets too?”
“Oh, all the time,” he promised. “And one day, when you’re all grown up, you’ll feel it lots too.” 
That was a little over eight years ago. I’d believed him all the way until he got sick. 
I haven’t felt the sunsets since.

THREE
The chilly streets sparkle with a morning dew, little dapples of snowdrops that had crystallized the night before. Around me, families bundle together for warmth. Children laugh; the adults talk in hushed, excited voices.
I looked up. In the distance, the sun was rising.
And the sun, a molten gold, reflects off the sides of towering skyscrapers. Soft orange limbs glide over the streets and through the trees. Ahead, a little girl reaches for the sky with tiny hands. It’s a brilliant Saturday. I smile.
“Ticket, please.”
I almost dropped my notebook. “What, huh?”
Looking up brought me face to face with a teller, an older woman with smile lines around her eyes. She chuckled and shook the cup of ticket stubs in her hand. 
“Hi,” she said.
“Yo,” I said.
She gestured at my bag. “Can I see your ticket?”
“Oh,” I said. “Yeah, sure.”
I turned my backpack around and fumbled for my ticket. I almost dropped my notebook a second time. 
“Here,” I said, handing it over.
“Don’t worry,” the teller smiled as she ripped the top half off. Her lips twitched as she held back a laugh. “I didn’t see anything.”
I flushed. “Right.”
She handed my ticket back to me. “So, you excited?”
I nodded.
“Which one’s your favorite?” she asked.
“What?”
“I mean, which book,” she said. “Dream Catchers? Wax? Or do you like—”
“Wax,” I said. “I like Wax.”
The teller clicked her tongue knowingly, “Oh, so you like his older books.”
I rubbed the back of my head, “I-I like all his books. Wax was just the one I grew up with.”
And it was true. When I was a kid, I loved all kinds of stories. Grandma would take me to the library every week so I could check out books for us to read. That was the first time I met Armin Urbutr, and the characters and stories he crafted. He quickly became a bed-time tradition. So much so, in fact, that I was willing to wake up at eight o’clock on a Saturday. Dad wouldn’t know; he was at his weekly checkup anyway. It was the one day in the week I didn’t have to feel guilty for leaving the house. 
The teller smiled, “Well, you can’t go wrong with any of them. Armin Urbutr’s a genius.”
I nodded. “Yeah, he is.”
She moved on to the next person. I let out a breath I hadn’t known I was holding.
In front of me, the massive snaking line to Armin Urbutr’s book convention wrapped around a street corner. A big blue tent loomed in the distance. It looked important, so I assumed it was where the line led. Alongside me were rows and rows of little booths. They were filled with the chatter of people bustling about, setting up shop. There were still thirty something minutes until opening time. I opened my notebook to write again.
 “Wax, huh?”
My notebook hit the ground, and I froze in the stare of some oversized sunglasses.
“I overheard you talking to that lady,” said the sunglasses, so big and blocky that they covered half their owner’s face. She waited for me to pick up my notebook. I did so, wondering why she was talking to me. “You said Wax was your favorite.”
“Oh, um,” I said.
“Personally, I liked Dream Catchers better, but Wax was good too. I think Armin Urbutr’s writing got a lot better in the recent years. Its changed a lot from his first book, you know?”
“Um,” I said again, because I had no idea what else to say. 
 The pair of sunglasses cracked a smile, like she was laughing at something I didn’t know. They came off to reveal two big green eyes. I blinked. She blinked back. Staccato images of a girl underneath a bus stop, her skin gold from the sunlight, played like a thin reel of film in my mind. The words came to me, unbidden. 
“I-It’s you,” I said. 
“It’s me,” she said.
“From the bus stop.”
“What?”
“Yesterday! You—you were staring at me.”
“What are you talking about?”
I nodded. “Yeah. Unless…”
With her sunglasses dangling from her shirt, she looked exactly like the girl from yesterday. The same pair of big green eyes. The same odd lilt to her lips. Even the morning sun, highlighting the flyaways licking her cheeks, replaced yesterday’s sunset. Her hands hung loosely from her hips, and when she tilted her head, I had to fight hard to remember what I was saying.
“Um,” I said, for the third time.
She laughed, “Is that all you can say?”
I looked away, flushing.
“You’re not very good at this, are you?” her smile turned odd. 
“Good at what?”
She gestured around, “This.”
“Uh, guess not.” I hugged my notebook to my chest. I wondered if she’d ignore me if I tried to turn around. I wondered if it’d be rude.
“So, what are you writing?” she asked.
“I’m not writing—hey!” Before I could react, she’d snatched the notebook from my arms. She flipped it open after a cursory glance at the cover.  
I glared. “Give it back!”
“The chilly streets sparkle with a morning dew,” she read. “Little dapples of snowdrops that—” I lunged for her. “Woah, okay! Here, here.”
She gave the notebook back to me with another laugh. I shoved it deep inside my backpack. “What’s wrong with you?” I snapped, feeling my chest flare up with little embers of heat.
“Nothing,” she said. “I just wanted to know what you were writing.”
“You couldn’t have asked?”
“I did.”
“No, you—” I shook my head, fed up with the conversation. There were better things to do than arguing with a stranger, especially if she was going to be this rude. “Whatever, dude. Just don’t take my stuff.”
Her eyes snapped to mine. For a fleeting moment, I thought she was going to snark something back, like I was the one at fault here, but she just held my gaze, wide and green and unblinking. It was like she was a hawk and I was her prey. Her eyes were so intense they boiled. They were so fierce they pinned down my own. Any scathing words I might’ve had left died on my lips. For the next moment, it was like I’d forgotten how to breathe. 
“Alright,” she smiled and stuck out her hand. “I’m Kai.”
I stared back, wide-eyed.
There was a beat of silence while I tried to process what just happened. She raised a delicate eyebrow.
“Um, yeah,” I wiped my hands on my hoodie and shook her hand. “Hi.”
Kai cracked a small smile. “Wow. You really suck at this.”
“Huh?”
“You’re supposed to introduce yourself.”
“Oh,” I flushed. “I-I’m Chris.”
“Uh huh,” she said. “Cool. Let’s go.”
“Go?”
She gestured to the front of the line. By now, the sun had eclipsed the tallest skyscraper. It crested over a bed of clouds and colored the streets, casting snowy white light over the entire convention. I didn’t understand what she was pointing at until the crowds began to move.
She showed me her phone. “It’s ten.”
Without waiting for a response, she lugged me along. We moved up the line, following the massive flood of people past the big blue tent. An excited static charged the air. Like the rumbling of thunderclouds before a storm. Somebody started clapping, and then, there was a roaring round of applause. 
I walked into Armin Urbutr’s book convention for the first time in eight years.
It was a familiar scene, straight from my memories. The popcorn stands. The souvenirs. The laughter. Everything looked smaller, but the colors and the sounds and the smells had remained the same. I could taste the sticky sweetness of cotton candy on my tongue, and the scented soap bars they sold at book booths. I could almost feel Grandma’s hand in mine.
Kai grabbed my hand.
Her eyes were shining, all bright and green. When she smiled at me, my heart leapt to my throat. Maybe it was because my face was warm. Maybe I was just excited. But for some reason, I felt oddly out of breath—almost like it déjà vu.
We spent the better part of the morning exploring the different stalls that lined the streets, sampling Armin Urbutr’s lines and lines of prose and attending the different small groups that gathered to discuss his next book. There were a couple other authors that went on tour with him; Kai had dragged me to a few of their booths as well. They were good, but not as good as him. 
“What are you talking about?” she’d gasped, when I shook my head to the third book she handed me. I hid a smile at the affronted twist of her lips. “These are amazing!”
“Mm, are they though?” I asked. 
Kai gave another horrified gasp and started vehemently defending them again. I laughed each and every time. It was fun teasing her. It was even more fun seeing how riled up she got. And as the sun reached its apex in the sky, it was finally time for the main event. The book signing. 
We arrived early, knowing there would be a huge line for this as well. Even so, there were still a considerable amount of people in front of us. Kai turned to me with rosy cheeks when we reached the halfway point.
“What are you going to have him sign?” she asked, pulling out a copy of Dream Catchers, Armin Urbutr’s latest book. She flicked the cover. “I’m definitely going with this. It’s his most iconic book by far.”
“What?” I smiled. “No way!”
“Yes way!”
“Dude, Wax is obviously his best book.” I said, ticking off my fingers. “One, it’s a classic. Two, it’s a classic. And three, and watch my lips when I say this, it’s a classic.”
Kai waved me off, “You’re only saying that because it was your bedtime story.”
“So?”
“So, you’re biased. Besides, the ending was lame.”
“The ending wasn’t lame,” I protested. “It’s the best part!”
“Not compared to his other ones, it’s not.”
I spluttered. “That’s—”
But she’d already moved on. It was her new strategy, changing the subject. If she couldn’t convince me to read a book, she’d move on to another. She was rather good at that. I followed her finger to a couple walking by. 
“Hey, look. It’s Orion,” she said.
I blinked. 
Dressed in medieval-era clothes and way too much eye makeup, they looked like extras from a movie set. One of them wore a ranger’s cloak and stylized red hair. The other had a plastic sword strapped to his hip. I had no idea cosplayers were even allowed here. They certainly weren’t around last time.
Kai was less concerned about why they were here and more about who they were. She pointed at each of them, biting her bottom lip. “I think that’s Red and that’s Zero,” she said. “But, I don’t know why she doesn’t have her bow. Maybe it’s like a one weapon per cosplay kind of thing?”
“Um,” I said, because my jaw had dropped too low to say more.
“What?” she said.
“Is that cosplay?”
“Duh. What else would it be?”
“I-I wouldn’t know.”
She laughed, “Honestly, do you even Sheen?”
I stared at her. “You’re on Sheen?”
“Who isn’t?”
“I don’t know. I didn’t think it was that popular.”
“It’s the biggest fanfiction site in the world,” she said, cocking her head. “You do know what Sheen is, right?”
“Um, yeah. Of course.” I fanned the collar of my shirt. I didn’t want to give anything away, especially not to a near-stranger.
“And Orion?” 
I laughed, weakly.
She rolled her eyes. “Zero. Homebound. Earthquake Protocol. Kato—”
When it looked she wasn’t going to stop, I blurted out, “Zero. I like Zero.”
“Okay, ew, but you get my point.”
My mouth fell open. “Ew? What do you mean, ew? Zero’s amazing!”
“Nuh uh,” she said. “It’s basic.”
I could hardly believe my ears. “Zero’s not basic!” I cried. “It’s got great depth! Zero’s your typical Gary-sue, and Red’s the opposite. He’s got problems, she’s loud. He’s a dick, she’s an angel. It works!”
“Mm, does it though?”
My cheeks flushed. Zero was one of the better stories I’d written. It’d rocketed to the top of the Sheen in only a month, becoming the second most-read story all of time. To hear her bash it made my insides feel weird. Especially since she knew about me without actually knowing me.
“W-Well, what do you not like about it?” I asked.
Kai thought about it for a moment. “The ending,” she said.
“The ending?”
She nodded. “It’s so, oh, I don’t know, clichéd? Yeah, cliched.”
My face grew progressively warmer. I was sure my ears were pink. “How’s it cliched?”
“It’s a love story. Love stories are always cliched,” she said.
“What, no!” I shook my head. “Everyone writes love stories. Armin Urbutr writes love stories. Are you saying his stuff is cliched?” 
“Well, no. But Armin Urbutr’s a genius,” she said. “He can pull it off. Orion, well, he’s just a kid. You can tell by the way he writes.”
“Dude.” I winced. The inside of my stomach felt like it was under siege. Like it was being pushed in from all sides. At first I was glad she knew about Sheen. Now I just wanted to change the subject.
“What?” she said. 
“Chill. Armin Urbutr’s got thirty years on him.”
“I know that,” she nodded. “I know that. It’s just, Armin Urbutr’s improved so much. He went from writing Wax in his garage to pulling Pulitzers. And Orion, well, I’m honestly a bigger Orion fan, so it sucks to see him stagnate, you know?”
Hearing that gave me pause. She was a fan?
“W-What do you mean?”
“Well, he keeps writing the same thing over and over again,” she said. “It was great in middle school, yeah—when I wanted to read about how Zero beat up a dragon, or how Sam and Vic survived the trip home. But now, they don’t hold up as well. It’s like he never grew up.”
Before I could ask her to elaborate more, a massive table came into view.  
Ahead of us, the line had slowly gotten shorter until there was only one person left. She stood in front of us, shuffling her feet with a book in one hand and a backpack in another. Her head bobbed up and down, like she was talking to someone. From either side of her, big buff guys in black Security shirts formed a ring with their arms crossed. They looked menacing as we approached. Kai tugged on my sleeve. I stepped up next to her.
“Do you wanna go first?” she whispered.
Covered by a blue cloth and mountains and mountains of books, the table spanned out in front of us. The lady with the backpack tucked her book away and scurried off somewhere to our left. I felt my palms grow sweaty. The abrupt change in tempo left the previous conversation all but forgotten. There was now but a single person waiting for us now. 
“Um,” I said.
Then, it was our turn.
People say meeting your heroes in real life is a life changing moment. At the time, it certainly felt that way. Armin Urbutr sat in front of us with a friendly smile, spinning a black pen in his hand. The blue of his eyes twinkled as he stared at us, at me.
“Hi,” he said, and offered up his free hand.
My brain short-circuited.
It was funny. We were one author to another. He was published, famous, and rich. I was none of those. Yet I still expected a sort of shared comradery between us, like a secret connection only he and I could feel. All that went out the window when his eyes met mine, and my mouth fell open. 
Maybe I was trying to say to something back. Maybe I just felt like tasting the air. In the end, I said nothing. I just stood there, lips parted, staring at his outstretched hand. Somebody elbowed me. I blurted out the first thing on my mind.
“I like your hair!”
Beside me, Kai shook her head. Somebody behind me sucked in their breath, stifling a cough of laughter. Because Armin Urtbur, one of the most critically acclaimed authors in the world, was bald.
Kai saved me from choking on my own embarrassment.
“He’s an idiot!” she smiled as she stepped in, her shoulder brushing against mine. “Super clutzy. Horrible with words. Can’t hold a conversation to save his life, seriously. He doesn’t mean to be rude.”
She looked at me. “Right?”
“R-Right,” I said.
A sharp kick dug into my shin. “Right?”
 “Right!”
My cheeks burned hot, and Armin Urbutr shook his head, laughing. “Don’t worry,” he said. “Surprisingly, I’m kind of used to it. Must be the shampoo.”
My ears felt like they were on fire. Kai started laughing.
Armin Urbutr beckoned us forward with a hand, and we stepped up to the table. I let Kai lead, because I didn’t trust myself or my words anymore. She handed over her copy of Dream Catchers and pointed at the first page. It was an old thing, wrinkled and battered from way too many water stains. I looked down at my own copy—but unlike mine, it was obvious she’d read hers.
Armin Urbutr signed it with a flick of his wrists, then thanked her for coming out. They exchanged names and a smile. I was marveling at how easy she made it look when he turned his eyes on me. My heart skipped a beat with how fast it accelerated. 
“Hi,” he said, wearing the same smile.
“Hi,” I said.
“Dream Catchers for you too?” he asked. 
I nodded, handing over my copy. I ignored Kai’s startled expression.
“Good choice,” he said, as he signed the front cover. “What’d you think of it?”
“It was great.” I kept my answer as open-ended as possible. While it wasn’t necessarily rude, it felt weird asking him to sign a book that I’d never read before. It felt weirder confessing to him, so I didn’t, and I lied. 
“What was your favorite part?” he asked.
“The um, the ending,” I said. 
“Oh, you liked the ending?” he looked pleased.
I nodded. I didn’t trust myself to say anymore.
“That’s great. For most people, the ending’s either hit or miss,” he said. “And for me too, honestly. It’s always the hardest to write.”
“Oh,” I said.
“But, you liked it?” he prodded me with his eyes.
“Yeah.”  
He leaned back with a smile. The gesture was almost unnerving. “Well, I’m glad you enjoyed it. How about you, Kai? Did you like the ending too?”
Kai nodded. She was silent.
“Wonderful. Well, in that case,” he offered both of us one last handshake. “Thank you very much for coming. I’d love to chat longer, but we’re running a bit low on time.”
He gestured behind us, where, somehow, the line had managed to grow longer. 
“Um, yeah,” I said, clearing my throat. Kai studied the mountain of books by his side. I tucked the now signed copy of Dream Catchers into my backpack and took a step back from the desk. “Yeah, thank you.”
“Keep reading, you two,” he said.
“Okay,” I said.
“Thanks,” Kai said. 
Just like that, it was over. We were ushered to the side by security, who directed us into a little funnel of people behind the table. I followed Kai out back, squeezing past the stench of sweaty armpits and not enough deodorant. We cleared out of the tent and into much-needed winter air.
By now, it was already well into the afternoon. The first thing I noticed was how bright the sun burned. The second thing was that, in my rush this morning, I’d forgotten to bring sunscreen. I hurriedly found a shady spot, past the crowds starting to disperse, past the first booth-owners starting to pack up, and led Kai there. We sat curbside beneath a great, leaning tower of shadow and watched the lines of people wave like ribbons. It was only then that I felt the weight of tension lift from my shoulders. With the book-signing out of the way, I’d cleared my agenda for the rest of the day.
“Water?” I offered.
She shook her head no.
A silence, not exactly comfortable, settled between us. I rolled the cap off my water bottle and in between my fingers. Kai had been quiet ever since we left the line. I wasn’t sure why. My stomach dipped from imaginary scenarios, where she was quiet for the rest of the day, and I needed to be the one carrying conversation. I cleared my throat.
“Um,” I said, but she was faster.
“Were you lying?” she asked.
I blinked.
“You said you liked the ending of Dream Catchers,” she pressed on. “Were you lying?”
“No. Of course not,” I said.
“Then, why…?”.
“Why what?” I asked.
“Why’d you say you liked Wax? Why’d you say you liked Zero?”
“Because I do.”
Kai fell quiet. Her brow knitted into a frown.
“It’s just—it’s such a sad story,” she said. “With what you said about Zero, I thought…”
“Sad?” the word slipped from my mouth. Wax was anything but sad.
She nodded. 
“What do you mean, sad?” I asked.
This time, she frowned. She sat up a little and said, “Well, it’s sad. It’s heartbreaking. Wax was the first book that made me cry.”
I wondered if she was messing with me. “Armin Urbutr doesn’t write sad stories,” I said.
Kai’s eyes snapped up to meet mine. Her glare was incredulous, and when she searched my face, it was all I could to do not to look away. It was almost like she thought I was the one acting weird.
“The end of Wax, what was it?” she asked.
“Huh?” Whatever I expected her to say, it wasn’t that.
“The ending,” she repeated. “Tell me what happens.”
“Uh, okay?” the words slipped from my mouth, belying my confusion. I shook my head. I had no idea what was happening, or why her jaw was so clenched. It was a far cry from the girl I’d spent the morning with. I wondered if I’d said something wrong.
“Sora reunites with Anna after the Holy War,” I recounted the story from what little I remembered of Grandma’s stories. “And, you know, that’s it. They kiss. He gives her the wax seal. Boom, they live happily ever after.”
“And Dream Catchers?” she asked.
“Same deal. A happy ending,” I said. 
Kai shook her head. Her eyes were dark, and as the seconds ticked by, they filled with a suspicion that didn’t mesh well with the festivity in the air. Like the shadow of storm clouds creeping over the earth. Her voice was accompanied by furrowed eyebrows. 
“Have you actually read any of Armin Urbutr’s books?” she asked.
I blinked. “Well, yeah.” 
“Have you really?”
“Why else would I be here?”
“I don’t know,” she said. “That’s what I’m trying to figure out.”
“Figure out what? What’s there to figure out?”
She sighed, and I felt myself beginning to frown. “Dude, seriously. What’s—”
“Everything you just said? It was wrong.”
I froze.
Kai pinched the bridge of her nose. “Armin Urbutr doesn’t specialize in happy endings, Chris. He’s famous for the opposite. Even Wax, his most hopeful book, is a tearjerker. Sora doesn’t get to see Anna, he dies in the Holy War. All that’s left is a broken wax seal.”
Her words cycled through my system, plugging every nerve and socket in my veins. I felt like I was falling. 
“What?” I said. 
She sighed again. “God, this is stupid. I should’ve known—”
My system rebooted. The words rushed from my throat. 
“You’re wrong!” I blurted out. What she was saying, there was no way. I shook my head. “You’re wrong. I know for a fact Sora lives. My grandma’s read that story to me a million times. I’ve listened to that story a million times. And his other stories—you’re wrong! They don’t end like that. They don’t!”
I glared at her, jaws clenched. Wide green eyes stared back.
“Chris,” her voice was soft, as if she was slowly putting together the pieces of some great puzzle. Understanding dawned in her features. “Have you ever read his books? Personally, I mean.”
“Well, no,” I said. “But—”
Kai reached into her backpack and pulled out a copy of Wax. Like her copy of Dream Catchers, it was bruised and battered, falling apart at the spines and the cover. She handed it over wordlessly. With trembling hands, I thumbed the crinkled edges and flipped to the last page. My heart pounded like a drum.
I was wrong. 

FOUR
“W-What is this?” I breathed. 
Kai was silent. 
I shook the book in her face. “What is this?”
“It’s the ending,” she said.
“But—”
“When was the last time you read Wax? Or any of his books for that matter?” she asked. Her voice was low, like she was handling a glass jar, liable to shatter at any moment. 
“When I was seven, or eight,” I said. “I-I’m not sure.”
“And your grandma read them to you as bedtime stories?”
I nodded, wordlessly.
Kai wet her lips. “Do you think she…?”
The unfinished question hung in the air for a few moments before I realized what she was getting at. Disbelief, tainted dark by a surge of red, swelled within me. I pushed it down, ruthlessly.  
“No, no way,” I said, clenching my fists. She had no idea what she was talking about. “Grandma wouldn’t do that. She wouldn’t. I know it.”
“Chris—”
“No.”
“But it makes sense!” she insisted. “If your grandma changed the endings for you, if she made them up!—and I mean, you were so young back then, she probably wouldn’t have wanted you to experience death so early.” 
I suppressed a flinch.
“Think about it,” she eyed me. “I-It makes sense.”
My mind whirled at a million miles per hour. I didn’t reply. 
We stood there, silently, oblivious to the rest of the world. Kai watched me with her big green eyes. I glared at the ground.
The sun burned bright and hot above our heads, searing the back of my neck. It’d crested over the building we sat under and cast a column of light straight down the street, stopping just short of the big blue tent. In front of us, the convention was wrapping up. Most of the booths were gone, the cleanup crew was milling about, and the once converging lines of people had scattered to the wind. They took with them the electricity and the laughter. Beside the slowly dwindling line for autographs, we were the only convention goers left.
I watched as a van pulled up, and a team of black shirts began loading equipment into the back. Kai’s words burned in my head, all the while. 
Because it was stupid. There was no way. Grandma wouldn’t have done something like that. She was always honest. She would never lie. The only time I could even remotely remember an omission of truth from her was when… 
I made up my mind.
“Grandma wouldn’t do something like that,” I told her. “I’ll prove it to you.”
“Huh?” she said. 
“There’s an old copy of Wax in my room. I can show you.”
“Show me?”
“Yeah.”
“Um,” she blinked.
“My house is five, no, ten minutes away. Tops. Around three blocks.” I pointed in the direction of my street. “If we go down Fifth, we can—what are you doing?”
Kai had taken a step back. Her lips twisted into something confused. 
I stepped a little closer. “Kai?”
“Yeah?” she said. 
“Are you okay?” I asked. 
“Mhm.”
I stared at her. “Okay then. Let’s go.”
“Go?”
I cocked my head. “To my house. Dude, are you sure you’re—”
“I can’t just go to your house!” she said, taking another step back. 
“What? Why not?” I showed her my phone. “It’s only three—”
“That’s not the issue!” 
“It’s not?”
“No! I barely know you, dude. Haven’t you heard of stranger danger?”
It was then I realized how weird my question sounded. How much of an idiot I must’ve seemed. Here I was, asking a girl—who, up until today was a complete and total stranger—to come home with me. And all to read a book. The words spluttered and died on my lips. I felt my face heat up.
“Oh,” I said.
“Yeah,” she said, crossing her arms. 
I opened my mouth, but nothing else came out. 
“You’re turning kind of red,” she said. 
The tip of my ears burned, and I looked down. Whatever apology I had tripped on the tip of my tongue and fell short. The remaining words fell through. “I’m, um—never mind. Forget I said anything. I didn’t say anything.”
She tilted her head. “Right.”
An awkward silence settled into place, tightening the air between us. It was so thick it was tangible. I could feel her eyes on me, as if she was dissecting the top of my head. I could see the way her fingers rolled, tapping at the keys of an imaginary keyboard. Part of me wondered what she was thinking about. The other part prayed for the convention to be over so we could go our separate ways. 
“But you know,” she said, out of the blue. “We’re kind of friends, right?”
I blinked.
“I mean, we did talk about our favorite books,” she pointed out. “And Sheen, and Orion, and fanfiction. That’s not something you’d talk about to a stranger, yeah?”
I nodded, wide-eyed. “Um, yeah.”
“So if we’re friends, that also means we can’t be strangers.”
“Right. That makes sense.” My voice cracked, but I cleared my throat. 
She grinned at me. “Well, great. Now that we’re friends…”
I watched, dazed, as she pushed herself up, thumping me on the arm as she did. She brushed off her hands and did a little twirl, checking if she had everything. There were little flowers doodled into the cuffs of her jeans. “Aren’t you coming?”
“Coming?” I managed to say.
“To your house.”
I looked at her, to the street she was pointing at, and then back to her again. 
“Right,” I said, because I had no idea what else to say. If I was honest, my mind had blanked, and I’d missed everything she said the past three seconds, but I nodded, nevertheless. “Yeah. My house.”
We made our way down Fifth, past a group of kids denting the pavement with their skateboards, past a wall of mottled graffiti, and past the lonely street busker sitting curbside at a busy intersection. Kai had wanted to stop and watch. I dragged her along, but not before she threw a dollar in his guitar case.
“Is this your house?” she asked, when I led her across the last intersection. We stopped in front of a low-rise on a busy street corner. 
I nodded. “Up there.”
Kai followed my eyes. From inside the building, there was a loud crash, then a resonating “Fuck!” Moments later, somebody else yelled it back. 
“Oh,” she said.
I felt my cheeks grow hot. “That’s um—don’t mind them. I think they’re married.”
“Uh huh.”
We walked up the stairs; it creaked with every step. 
My apartment was located above a small Chinese restaurant. Cracked, mud-brown bricks jutted up its walls, their corners stacked unevenly, and the smell of heavy grease blistered in the air. We’d first moved here almost a decade ago, when we needed to downsize. Dad had told me smaller houses made for warmer homes. It was his excuse then, and it was his excuse now. Privately, I never believed it for a second. My room was always cold.
From the corner of my eyes, I saw Kai wrinkle her nose, and suddenly, my cheeks felt that much hotter. The stench grew stronger. The voices, louder. I hesitated, lifting my foot to the next step but not putting it down.
“What’s wrong?” asked Kai. She’d stopped right behind me.
I shook my head and tried to blot it all out. “It’s um, it’s nothing. I thought I lost my keys,” I said.
“Oh,” she blinked. “Are your parents not home?”
“No. He’s—they’re out.”
I was glad she didn’t press me for more. 
We clambered to the top of the stairs and stopped in front of the door to the hallway. It seemed dirtier than usual. But then again, everything did. Like somebody had dumped a bucket of oily water over the entire building, and the stink caked to the walls and the doorknob and the windows. I tugged it open, trying to ignore the metallic sting of rust, and allowed Kai to squeeze past me. I followed her in and made a show of looking for my keys. 
My apartment was the first on the right. I was glad she didn’t have to see more.
We stepped inside, and I shut the door behind us. At once, it began to smell better. More like home. Like the bag of cheap ground coffee, recently bought, left unopened on the dinner table. Like the vanilla-scented air fresheners plugged into the walls. And there was something else this time—something new. It rested on my tongue like strawberries and cream.
I turned to Kai, only to see her taking off her shoes.
“Oh you don’t have to,” I started to say, but froze when her sneakers revealed a pair of kitty-printed socks, reaching under the flowers on her jeans. They were pink and striped with white. 
“Cats?” the word fell from my lips, quietly.
“Cats,” she said.
“Oh.”
The corner of her lips upturned. “You don’t have a lot of girls over, do you?” she asked.
I didn’t answer that. I didn’t have a lot of anybody over. 
The last time had been Matt, and that’d been for a school project months and months ago. It wasn’t that I didn’t like having people over either—it was just that, well, with Dad constantly bedridden, I didn’t have the time. There was too much to do. Dinners cooked in bulk and packed in Tupperware. Countless pages of assignments. Homework, too. 
Unfortunately, the state of my room made that clear. Kai whistled as she walked through the door. I flushed.
The blinds were always closed, so what little light that poured through the door came from the living room. It scattered over the floor, illuminating little piles of cloths, worn and dirty, that offered crinkled sleeves and inside out socks from beneath the frame of my bed. Across the room, the various empty soda bottles that littered my workstation looked a lot messier than when I’d left them this morning. They stacked so tall they hid one of my computers screens. 
I steeled myself and flicked on the light, hoping I didn’t leave anything too embarrassing out. Thankfully, there was nothing except for a crumpled box of tissues. I discretely kicked it behind one of my jackets.
“I-It’s usually not like this,” I told her.
Kai’s lips twitched.
“Not bad,” was all she said.
The heat in my cheeks grew warmer. I coughed to clear my throat. 
“So, anyway,” she stepped over a pair of shorts and glanced around. Blank white walls stared back. I was glad her eyes didn’t wander anywhere lower than that. “Weren’t you gonna show me something?”
“Show you something?” I echoed.
“Yeah. The book.”
The last thirty minutes rushed back to me, and I nodded. “Oh, right! Right, right. Of course. Let me just go get that. U-Um, excuse me.” I scooted past her and knelt by my desk. An old shirt gathering dust under the last drawer greeted me, and I quickly stuffed it behind my computer. I hoped my face wasn’t as hot as it felt. “I have to look for it, so um—well, the bed’s open.”
She let out a little laugh, but made no move to sit. 
I searched in silence for a while, turning redder and redder with every second that passed and every object I tossed behind me. A duct-tape wallet falling apart at the edges. An old train map marred with crayon marks. A dozen or so old anime posters. 
When I invited her over, I’d meant for it to be a one-minute thing. I was supposed to show her my copy of Wax and prove that Grandma didn’t change the endings, that there must’ve been a printing error instead. Now, I was stuck on my knees, pouring over years and years of old junk, and all to look for a book I wasn’t even sure was there anymore.
Finally, the silence became unbearable. 
“U-Um!” I stammered out. “Do you want some water?”
A quick glance at my workstation made me amend my question. “Or some soda?”
“Sure,” she said. “That’d be great.”
I was glad to leave.
The kitchen sink was clear, thankfully, and I dumped in an armful of empty soda cans. They rattled and clanged as they fell, scraping against each other so much my teeth hurt. I leaned against the dirty countertops and closed my eyes, cursing my past self. In that moment, I wanted to be anywhere but here. This is stupid. Why did I offer her water? Why did I even bring her here? So stupid. Stupid, stupid, stupid.
A few minutes later, I returned with her glass of water.
“No soda?” Kai asked, innocently. She had taken up residence in my chair.
I sighed. “Please.”
She laughed and spun around. I sighed again. I didn’t have the energy to tell her off. She made one more rotation in my chair before coming to a stop. Her elbow knocked against my mouse. Then, my computer hummed to life.
I froze.
There must’ve been an entire second before the words on the screen registered with Kai’s eyes, and the oh shit factor passed through my brain. It seemed almost ironic, too coincidental to be true. But in the end, I was powerless to stop it. I could only watch, horrified, as the colorful banner of Sheen flashed across the screen. And with it, my username.
“Oh, hey!” she said. “Sheen! What’s your username? I’ll add you later—”
Her eyes widened. 
One second passed. Two. I swallowed the lump in my throat. 
“You,” her voice turned pitchy, so high it was almost a whisper. Her eyes widened until they were the size of saucers. She swiveled to meet me with a trembling finger. “You’re—”
I tried to form the words, to tell her it wasn’t true, but nothing came out.  
“You’re Orion.”
In the end, nothing could save me. The computer screen said enough. It glowed in the semi-lit room, taunting me with my own mistake. I was up late last night, browsing Sheen after Dad’s assignments. I must’ve forgotten to log off. The words died in my throat, and I struggled with the climbing panic. It felt like I was being weighed down by an anchor. 
It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that nobody—nobody—knew I was Orion. Not people at school, because why would I tell them? Not the hundreds of thousands of fans on the Internet, because that would be a nightmare. And definitely not Dad, because Sheen, like his assignments, was another source of income. It was a secret I had kept since I first founded the website, and I had wanted to keep it that way, for better or for worse. But now…
“Um,” she breathed, at the same time as me. We fell silent.
Kai gestured with her hand, “You go first.”
“Thanks.”
I took a deep breath, intent on swearing her to secrecy when she suddenly blurted out, “I won’t tell anyone, I swear!”
I blinked.
“I promise I won’t!” she nodded for emphasis. “I can keep a secret. Here, I’ll even pinky promise if you want me to.”
I stared at her outstretched finger, up to her hopeful expression, then back down to her finger again. The oddest feeling stole my breath away. I found myself shaking my head.  
“That’s uh—no, it’s fine. You’re okay,” I said. 
“Are you sure? I mean, you’re Orion—”
“It’s okay,” I said again. “Really, you’re fine.”
My words were like flicking a switch. Her face lit up with a smile, “Really?”
“Yeah. Just um, just don’t tell anyone.”
I didn’t know why I said what I said, I just did. Maybe it was her eyes. Maybe it was the weird twisting of my lungs that made it hard to breathe, the same one that told me I could trust her. Whatever it was, I had a backup plan: I had done my fair share of web-based hacking.  
Kai’s smile widened. “So, wow. Orion, hi.”
I nodded and played with my fingertips. Heat crept up the side of my cheeks. It was one thing to see the name online, but another thing altogether to hear it in person. It was like somebody had flipped me inside out, and my most intimate secrets were now laid bare to the world. 
“What’s it like?” she asked.
“Hm?”
“I mean, being Orion. The Orion.”
“It’s normal, I’d say.” I kept my eyes downcast. “I’m human. I eat food, drink water, watch anime—”
“Write stories for over millions of people. Owns the biggest fanfiction site in the world. Has a secret identity that nobody knows.” She raised an eyebrow, as if daring me to say more.
“You know,” I pointed out.
“Oh, right,” she blushed. “Yeah. I guess I do.”
The corners of my lips tugged upwards. “Well, it could’ve been worse.”
“How?”
“You could’ve tried to sell me out.”
She laughed at that, and the weight in the air lifted with the swell of her cheeks. For the first time since coming here, I felt myself relax. Then, I was smiling alongside her. I took a seat on my bed and crossed both legs, directly opposite from her. Kai watched me all the while with those big green eyes. 
“Does it ever get scary?” she asked, when I’d made myself comfortable.
“What is this, twenty questions?”
Kai huffed. “Well, excuse me for being a fan.”
I smiled. “Fine. No, why would it?”
She hesitated, then said, “It’s just a lot of power, you know? I mean, you’re Orion. So many people read your stories, and browse your website, and post on your forums, and—and holy crap!” She shot up from the chair, pointing a shaking finger at me. “You’re the author of Zero!”
I laughed. “Guilty.”
“So that’s why you were so butthurt today!” she cried.
“Wait, what?”
The conversation turned on its head, and I found myself blinking. Kai nodded, putting her hands on her hips. “Yeah! You looked you were having a heart attack, like I insulted your family’s honor or something!”
My cheeks burned. “I wasn’t butthurt!” I said. “I was just—”
“Oh my gosh, I have so many questions!”
“There’s more?”
“What inspired you to write Zero?”
“Well—”
“Did you have a Red in your life?”
“Um, no but—”
There was a small pause, like she was collecting her thoughts. I took the moment to catch my breath. “Oh, I know! What about the characters? Are they based off of anyone?” she asked. 
“One of the side characters is based off my friend,” I told her. 
“How do you feel about The Boy of the Cherry Blossoms?”
I stopped.
Kai’s breath hitched, as if she realized she’d said something she wasn’t supposed to. She quickly backpedaled. “Um, I mean—no, never mind. I didn’t mean that.”
I shook my head. “No, no. You’re okay. I’m just curious, why do you ask?”
She gestured at me. “Well, you’re, you know, you. And I wanted to know what you thought about the most popular story on Sheen.”
“Ah.”
I wasn’t surprised she asked. In fact, I kind of expected it. Most of the questions in Orion’s inbox were from fans asking about The Boy of the Cherry Blossoms. It was a popular story, published only a few years ago, but amassing a monstrous twelve million views since then. It eclipsed even the stories I’d posted in both hits and comments. It was also the reason why I wrote Zero.
The Boy of the Cherry Blossoms told the tale of a dying girl who meets a boy underneath a cherry tree. The boy, a mischievous tree spirit, tells the girl that if she can collect a thousand cherry blossoms, he’ll ask the local spirit gods, the kami, to save her. However, she’d only have a single week—until the last cherry blossom bloomed. 
“Chris?” Kai tugged on my shirt sleeve. 
I blinked. “Hm?”
“You alright?”
“Yeah. Sorry, yeah. I am.”
She didn’t look convinced.
“Seriously,” I smiled. “I’m okay. I just zoned out. What was your question again?”
“Um,” her eyes shifted down. “I asked what you thought about—”
“The Boy of the Cherry Blossoms,” I snapped my fingers. “Right, yeah. I remember. Let’s see. Well, I thought it was really well written, and all the characters are super awesome. And um, I also think the story’s super compelling and well thought out.”
“And the ending?” she asked.
“Oh, that,” I rubbed the back of my head with a small laugh. I was wondering when she’d ask. It was the reason I couldn’t answer most of the questions in Orion’s mailbox. “To be honest, I’ve never actually finished it.”
It was Kai’s turn to look surprised. “Wait, what?”
“Yeah. I’ve never read the ending.” 
“B-But…” her mouth fell open. “Why?” she shook her head, as if she couldn’t believe her ears. Her hands moved erratically. “The ending’s the best part, and—are you seriously telling me Orion’s never finished the best story on his own website?”
I laughed, quietly. “Yeah.”
Kai spluttered for a few more moments, then gave up with a sigh. Her shoulders slumped, and she buried her face in her hands. “I don’t know even what to say anymore. Today is so weird.”
The corner of my lips curved up. “Fair enough.”
“Do you have a reason?” she peeked up at me from the cracks between her fingers. “For not finishing it, I mean.”
“Oh. Well, yeah,” I said.
She waited for me to continue, and I shifted in my seat. My eyes broke from hers and fell to the floor. My stomach curled with discomfort. 
“Um,” I said.
Kai must’ve realized something was up, because she immediately backpedaled.
“Wait, wait, wait,” she waved her hands. “You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to. I only asked because—well, never mind.”
I nodded and picked at the cuffs of my jeans, worn and flowerless. The mood in the air had soured in the wake of my silence, but I kept my lips sealed. Even if it did get awkward, even if did get tense, this was one ghost I’d rather not disturb, no matter what. The words came to me, quietly.
“Yeah, sorry.”




FIVE
“Don’t apologize,” Kai said at last.
I wrung my hands, suddenly guilty. “I’m sorry, it’s just—it’s personal.”
“No, no. I get it.”
We fell quiet again. Kai looked down at her shoes. I studied the grooves between my knuckles. I felt bad, then I felt bad for feeling bad. It wasn’t like I had to tell her everything, right? I mean, she wasn’t, we weren’t—I suppressed a sigh. No matter what I told myself, there remained a nagging feeling of guilt that sat heavy in my stomach. It was disquieting. 
I took a deep breath. 
“So, hey. Wanna see something cool?” I asked her. 
Kai looked up. “Something cool?”
I leaned over to my computer and double-clicked. She scooted up next to me with her chair, her eyes coloring with curiosity. 
“Here. I’ll show you my messages with NekoChan,” I said. 
“NekoChan?” Her eyes grew wide. I hid a smile when she swallowed, and her voice grew faint with awe. “As in, author of The Boy of the Cherry Blossoms? That NekoChan?”
“That NekoChan,” I said. 
Kai’s lips parted with a soft breath. “Yes, please,” she said.  
My smile stretched, and I navigated to my mailbox. The tension that had previously choked the air lifted like a blanket, until it was comfortable to breathe again. Kai leaned a little closer. I scrolled through the list of messages and found the ones I was looking for. Then, she was so close her fingertips brushed up against the side of my mouse hand. 
My cheeks warmed, but I ignored it. I cleared my throat and pointed at a couple of messages. “NekoChan was trying to get me to collab with her. See?” I said. 
NekoChan:
	You know what would be a cool idea?
Me:
what?
NekoChan:
We should totally do a story together! Between the two of us, we could probably write something amazing.
Me:
	uhhh
NekoChan:
	At least hear me out!
Me:
maybe some other time lol. im pretty busy these days, but ill let you know if im ever free
“Hey, hold on,” said Kai. “Why are you typing in all lowercase?”
“Hm?” I pretended not to have heard her. 
“You heard me,” she said.
“No, I didn’t,” I said. 
“Yeah, you did.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Uh huh.”
I stared at her, refusing to give in. She stared right back.
“Anyway,” I said, coughing lightly.
Kai laughed, the sound like bubbles from her throat. “You’re so weird. What kind of writer doesn’t capitalize?”
“It’s a text message, you don’t need to capitalize!” I said.
“Uh huh,” she laughed again.
I sighed and continued scrolling. “Whatever. There’s not much more than that. NekoChan’s a girl, if that matters. At least, she says she is. For all I know, this could be some thirty-year-old dude in California, working out of his mom’s basement.”
I showed her a few more messages and pointed at a couple of others that stood out. “This was all like two years ago, by the way. I haven’t talked to her since. The last time was when she asked to collab.”
Kai tilted her head. “Why didn’t you?”
“Why didn’t I collab with her?”
She nodded.
“Well, I guess it’s because our styles are too different,” I said. “She focuses on the humanity of her characters—hardship, heartbreak, all that. And I tend to write happier stories. I get everyone to the finish line.”
“Is that better? Getting everyone to the finish line?” she asked.
“For me, yeah,” I said. 
Kai’s eyes snapped up to meet mine. They were deep and green, belying a hidden question. Then, she shook her head. “I don’t get it.”
“Get what?” I asked.
“I mean, is it because of your grandma? Is that why you don’t like other endings?”
“I like other endings—”
“But you don’t,” she said. “You just said so.”
I opened my mouth, then closed it again. 
“Because if your grandma changed the endings, and that’s why you like happy endings so much, then maybe…” she let the thought hang in the air. “I don’t know. I just think you should develop your own opinions on this stuff. It’s important, especially since you’re a writer.”
“Excuse me,” I frowned. “My opinions are plenty developed.”
“Really?” she shot me a dry look.
“Yeah!”
“Okay then. Name one book you’ve read without a happy ending.”
“Sure.”
Kai crossed her arms and waited.
“Um,” I said.
She raised an eyebrow. I flushed.
“Okay. Well, how about The Boy of the Cherry Blossoms?” I said. 
She rolled her eyes. “A book you actually finished,” she said. 
“Oh, right.”
Moments passed, and I fought hard for an answer. “Well, you know…”
When it was evident I had no more to say, Kai frowned. “Wait,” she said. “Wait, wait, wait. Are you telling me you’ve never read a book without a happy ending? Seriously?”
“I mean, if you put it like that,” I said.
“How else am I supposed to put it?”
“Well—”
“What about movies?” she demanded. “Do you only watch Disney or something?”
“I like Frozen,” I told her. 
“Oh, god.” Kai’s mouth worked up and down, as if she couldn’t believe what she was hearing. She pointed a finger at me. “Who are you, dude? Who are you?”
“Is that rhetorical?” I asked.
“No, you shut up. Let me have this.” She slapped a palm to her brow. “I can’t believe this. I literally cannot believe this.”
“Try harder?”
She ignored me. “Okay,” she said. “Okay, okay, okay.”
“Okay,” I said.
I hid a smile. Watching her scramble for words like a headless chicken was kind of funny. She chewed on her bottom lip, like she couldn’t decide on which ones to use. 
“So, basically, you’re telling me that you, the Orion, has lived off of nothing but Disney movies and crappy rom-cons for sixteen years?” she said.
I cleared my throat. “Well, I wouldn’t call them crappy—”
“Garbage. Trash. Complete junk.”
I winced. “That—that kinda hurts.”
Kai’s eyes narrowed. “Your existence hurts.”
“Ouch.”
She sighed and massaged the sides of her temples. “You need help, dude. Serious help. How have you—ugh, never mind. I’m gonna give you a list of all the books you’ve been missing out on: Armin Urbutr’s trinity, The Boy of the Cherry Blossoms, Dr. Seuss. We’ll get to the others after.”
Her well thought out response deserved an answer equally as eloquent. 
“No,” I said.
She blinked. “Huh?”
“I don’t wanna.”
“You don’t—” her jaw dropped, as if the very idea was incomprehensible to her. She spluttered, making those small, erratic circles with her hands again. “Why?”
“I just don’t.”
“That’s not a reason!”
“It’s mine.”
“No, it’s not! Give me a real reason.”
I chuckled. “You realize we’re arguing like little kids, right?”
Kai stuck her tongue out at me. I laughed and ran a hand through my hair. When it was apparent I was waiting for her to speak, her eyes found my own. 
“Seriously though. Why don’t you?” she asked. 
“Are we really doing this again?” I asked. 
She crossed her arms. “I’m being serious.”
“So am I.”
“Will you at least give me a good reason then?”
I shifted under her gaze. Could she not take a hint? “Listen,” I began, evasively.
She cut me off before I could change the subject. “Because if someone like you is limiting yourself, then I want to know why.”
That gave me pause. “Limiting myself?” I asked. 
She nodded.
“I’m not—”
“But you are!” she cried, and I blinked at the sudden heat in her voice. “You’re limiting yourself to happy endings, and you refuse to stop! I didn’t even know people could do that, least of all you! You’re—you’re Orion.”
I shook my head. “Kai, just because I’m Orion—”
“It’s because you’re Orion!” her eyes narrowed into a glare. Something white-hot surged in them, and she clenched her fists. “That name might not mean a lot to you, but it means a lot to me. Y-You’re someone who’s made it. Someone who’s changed lives. There isn’t a single writer of our generation who hasn’t heard of you. How can someone like you be this scared?”
My cheeks grew warm, and I sat up in my seat. “I’m not scared!”
“Yes, you are!”
“No, I’m not! Just because I don’t—”
“All you ever read are stories that end in the same generic way! All you ever write are stories that end in the same generic way! And don’t deny it. I’ve read them all,” she crossed her arms. 
I bristled. “Don’t—” 
“Don’t what? Tell the truth?”
“Dude!” I glared right back, struggling to contain my temper. My chest felt it was being squeezed from all sides. “You don’t know what the hell you’re talking about. You’re just bashing my choices without considering why! Maybe you should—”
“I have!” she cried. 
The words caught in my throat, and I fell quiet, watching her sink back into her seat. She let out an audible breath, and with it expelled the heat in her voice. “I have considered it. It’s because of what you didn’t want to tell me earlier, right?” 
The embers in my chest turned to ice. I swallowed. “Kai—”
She shook her head. “No, no. I’m not asking you to tell me. I’m just saying. It’s—it’s what’s limiting you, isn’t it? It’s what made you scared.”
I stayed quiet. I refused to answer.
“Well, I’m telling you it doesn’t matter,” she said. 
My eyes snapped to her.  
“It doesn’t matter!” she said again. “A writer’s job is to step outside their comfort zone. To acknowledge the feelings that scare us. These great aching emotions that leave holes in our hearts. It’s our job to breathe these feelings to life, and—”
“Someday, make somebody feel, somehow,” I completed her words. Armin Urbutr’s famous quote slipped from my mouth, unbidden but not unwanted. 
Kai smiled. 
“Exactly,” she said. “And I don’t know if you’re scared of other endings, or if you’re just a knucklehead that won’t come out of your shell. But, you’re a writer. One day, you’ll have to.”
I looked down, unsure of what to say.
“You’re Orion, dummy,” her voice grew soft. “You’re one of the best writers I know. And I know this doesn’t make sense right now; it probably won’t until you read something that can truly make you feel. But when you do, well,” she grinned. “I kind of envy you—getting to experience it for the first time and all.”
My chest throbbed with something familiar. A gaping divide that stole my breath away. I wet my lips. “Even if—even if I wanted to, how would I start?” I asked her.
“You can start by rereading Wax,” she said. 
Her words sank in, and I stared. Maybe I shouldn’t have been surprised by the simplicity of her answer. Maybe I shouldn’t have laughed. But the sound bubbled from my throat, faint and disbelieving.   
I shook my head, smiling despite myself. “You’re—you’re impossible, you know that? I invited you over for a one-minute thing. Now you know I’m Orion, made fun of me, and you’re giving me a lecture on how to be better writer?”
The corner of her lips twitched. “You needed the help.”
I had no response to that, except one. “Who are you?” I asked her.
She flipped her hair. “A princess.”
I couldn’t help it, I laughed again.
From outside, the sun’s light, a wash of orange-red limbs, filtered through the blinds that covered my windows. They cast strange, arching shadows over the walls and colored everywhere else a warm pastel yellow, reminding me of how late it was getting. I glanced outside. In the distance, the skyline burned purple with the sunset. I let Kai know.
“It’s almost half past five. Do you have anywhere to be?” I asked her. 
She wagged her eyebrows. “If you want me to stay, you can just say so,” she said. 
“Ha ha. Just get your stuff.”
“Fine. Can’t blame me for trying though, right?”
“I hate you.”
We squeezed out of my room and passed the dinner table on our way to the front door. A quick look at the clock told me Dad would be back soon. All things considered, Kai had pretty good timing. I watched as she knelt and laced her shoes. Cats, I noted again. Lots and lots of cats.
“So, you’ll read the books then?” she asked, when she was done with her shoelaces.
“Probably,” I said. 
She regarded me with a small smile. “Well, that’s better than I’d hoped for.”
“What did you hope for?”
“A cute boy, but I guess you’ll do.”
My cheeks darkened. “You—what?”
“Just kidding,” she laughed and flicked my arm. “You get flustered way too easily.”
“Well that’s not, I’m not—” I shut up at her teasing grin. “Whatever.”
She laughed again. 
I held open the door for her as she stepped outside. Even from an entire floor up, the smell of oily Chinese food wafted through the dingy corridor, illuminated by a single column of light from the window in the front door. My stomach rumbled; it really was getting late. I’d have to start on dinner after this. I wondered if there was anything left in our pantry. 
“Alright,” she flashed me a parting smile. “I guess this is it, Orion.”
I smiled an uncertain smile back. “Yeah.”
“Don’t worry. Your secret’s safe with me,” she said.
“I know,” I said, and as she cracked open the metal door, letting more light through the corridor, something I thought I’d never say welled up in my throat. She had one foot in the air when I called out after her.
“H-Hey!” 
Kai stopped. 
“Um,” I said. “Do you—”
She cocked her head.
“Or you know, you could give me,” I coughed, stumbling over the words. “Or you know, I could do it. I could do it. And email’s okay too. Or phones. Or Discord. Or um—”
“Yeah,” she said.
“Y-Yeah?” 
She smiled. “Yeah.”
I let out a small, breathy laugh. “Okay.” 
Big green eyes caught the light and curved up. They were so bright they looked like emeralds. “But not right now. I’ve got somewhere to be. I’ll be late if I stay any longer.”
“Oh,” I said.
“Don’t worry. I’ll see you again,” she said, as if she knew what I was thinking.
“How do you know?” I asked. 
“I have to make sure you read the books, remember?”
“But, that’s…” my words trailed off, tripping over themselves until they expired on my lips. The moment crawled to a halt, and there was a pause as what she said sunk in. My voice came back to me, faintly. 
“Okay, yeah,” I said.
Kai opened the door the rest of the way. Sunlight flooded through the corridor.  
“Alright then,” she smiled. “Some other time.” 
She stepped through the entrance with a song beneath her breath, and within seconds, disappeared into the orange caked streets. The door creaked shut behind her with a metallic groan. The hallway was once again returned to shadow. I shook my head, almost faint with wonder. 
“Some other time, huh?”
SIX 
There must’ve been a good two or three minutes before my brain turned back on, and my synapses reconnected, and the nerves in my fingers unfurled with little snaps of electricity. 
I stumbled back inside wearing the stupidest smile. Because it seemed like a dream, the entire thing. I’d talked to a girl. I’d talked to a girl in my room. I’d talked to a girl who, and I could hardly believe it myself, wasn’t a local single and wanted to chat. 
For a long moment, I forgot who I was and what I was supposed to be doing, and let myself get lost in a daydream about our first date. There were even more flowers on the cuffs of her jeans, and her socks were printed with dogs instead of cats. She was just about to give me her number when my phone buzzed. 
I checked it, still smiling. It was a text from Dad.
Don’t wait up, please. Make dinner and refrigerate some. News from the hospital. Will tell you later. 
The smile fell from my lips as quick as it’d appeared, and reality came crashing down like a bucketful of cold water. My stomach formed into a pit of ice. I stared at the message in silence. Dimly, I was aware that my breathing had become unhitched. I focused on inhaling through my nose and exhaling through my mouth.
I typed back:
Okay.
—and hated the way my fingers trembled.
That night, dinner was a silent affair. I ate quickly and quietly, not bothering to cook anything spectacular. Red-sauced spaghetti. Salad from a bag of week-old spinach. But no matter how much salt or spice I added, it tasted paper in my mouth. Like I was chewing tree bark and drywall. I set out an unsalted portion for Dad in the fridge and retreated to my room. I almost forgot the dishes.
My bed was supposed to be warm; I switched the heater on a few hours ago. It was just as cold as my stomach.  
This wasn’t the first night there were “news from the hospital.” This wasn’t even the first night he’d left me shivering at home alone. Each and every time, the queasy somersaults that twisted my insides made me want to throw up. Because although most of what he told me was harmless, benign updates and dates the doctors gave him, once or twice in the past, there really had been moments that scared me sick to my stomach.
But Dad would smile like nothing was wrong. He always smiled like nothing was wrong. And he’d say the same thing he’d always say.  
“Focus on school, Chris. I’ll take care of everything else.”
I hated those words. I hated those words. He never knew what he was asking me to do. He never knew what he was asking me to give up. Hospital bills were expensive, and they never paid themselves.
My eyes wandered to the ceiling.  
The stained chips of paint up there, present after so many years, stared back. They reminded me of old scabs, of drywall scars that never healed. 
When I was little, Grandma had plastered the night sky in my room. Little glow-in-the-dark planets, and the crescent of a yellow moon that never failed to lull me off to sleep. Sometimes, I liked to pretend the scars above were the same scars that formed when the stars peeled off. I made fleets of spaceships and dragons out of them until my eyelids grew heavy.
A loud crash came from upstairs, followed by a slew of curse words in another language. I jolted awake, rubbing the sleep from my eyes. Outside, the sky had fallen into darkness. The only things visible from my window now were the city lights in the skyline. It occurred to me how late it was getting. I still had work to do. 
On my left were Dad’s assignments, stacked into a neat little pile and hidden away under a great, pink folder. On my right was my bookshelf, my notebook, and a story begging to be written. The unnamed hero of Friday’s story, the genius hacker, smiled at me from my mind’s eye. He looked like a blank canvas. Like a doorway to another world.
It was a choice I’d made a million times before. The guilt always won in the end. 
The clock read half past seven. The sky suggested I had five or so hours to work. But the weariness in my bones told me I’d be lucky to get even that. Still, the fact that tonight wasn’t a school night steeled my nerves. If I was lucky, I’d get to finish the first assignment a little past midnight. 
I didn’t sleep until two. 
The next morning, Dad was waiting for me at the dining table with a crumpled shirt and patterned sweats. His hair was frizzled, like a team of soccer players had trampled over his head with their cleats; his beard looked patchy. The soccer players hadn’t left that alone either. And if it wasn’t for the cup of coffee next to his computer, I would’ve thought he just woke up. He adjusted his reading glasses when I walked in.
“Morning,” I mumbled, and fixed myself a bowl of cereal.
Dad peered at me from over thin wire frames. “Late night?”
I grunted and dug into my breakfast. It’d been a late night for him too; I didn’t hear him come in until after I was in bed. The click clack of typing stopped. I looked up with a mouthful of milk.
Dad was frowning, his brow furrowed in disapproval. He leaned a little over his computer. “Were you playing games again?” he asked.
I swallowed and looked down at my bowl. “Something like that,” I said. 
He sighed.
“Chris, I know you love computers, but those games of yours are really unproductive. I’m fine with you playing them, but you need to learn self-control. Over the past couple of years, I can’t even count the number of times we’ve had this conversation.”
I glared at the last, half-drowned, piece of cereal in my bowl.
“Right, yeah,” I said. “Won’t happen again.”
Dad chuckled, the sound grating on my nerves like fingernails over chalk. My fingers tightened around the spoon. “Don’t make promises you can’t keep, Kiddo. I’m just looking out for you, that’s all,” he said. 
“Okay.”
“Take breaks every now and then. Get some exercise; it’s good for you. Staring at a computer for too long will damage your eyes.”
“Yeah.”
The click clack of fingers typing fired up again. I released my grip on the spoon and watched it sink, filling up with milk. He was avoiding the elephant in the room, doing that stupid smile he always did. I lifted the bowl to my lips and drank from what was left. He couldn’t avoid it forever. And though I wasn’t sure I was ready to know the answers, the questions bubbled up in my throat, nevertheless. 
I opened my mouth to speak, but Dad beat me to it.
“So how’s school going?” he asked. He was still typing away at his laptop, the green of his code reflecting off his glasses. He never even looked up. 
I swallowed the words in my throat and let out a small sigh. “It’s going,” I said, after a beat of silence. 
Dad’s lips curved up. He still didn’t look up. “Kiddo,” he said. 
“What?”
“Kiddo.” His eyes met mine.
“Right, sorry. Um, I have all A’s,” I told him. 
Dad looked pleased. “Good, good. How do you like your classes?”
“They’re okay,” I said.  
“Just okay?”
“I like Math.”
“Good, good.”
He went back to typing again.
I internalized another sigh. He was still avoiding what’d happened; I could see it in his eyes and his smile and his posture. The worst part was he was only doing it for me. When he first got sick all those years ago, he barely told me anything. Little snippets of conversation about how he might need surgery. But I was fourteen then, and sixteen now. I could take it. I could help. 
“Hey, Dad?” I said, before I lost my sudden bout of courage.
“Hm?” he said. 
I wet my lips. “What did the doctors say? Yesterday, I mean.”
Dad stopped typing. Underneath the table, my toes curled. With my question came a new air, replacing the comfortable silence between us. It was tight and taut and tense, but it was necessary. 
“It was just a checkup. Nothing to fuss over,” Dad answered, his voice light. 
“Dad,” I said. 
“Seriously. It’s okay.”
“Dad.”
Dad let out a small sigh. He readjusted his glasses and peered at me through their lens. “Alright, alright. Remember that surgery we talked about? The bone marrow transfer?” he asked.
I nodded.
“It’s happening.”
Somehow, I managed to keep my breathing steady. “Oh,” I said.
“Listen, Chris—”
“When is it?” 
Dad paused at my interruption. Something, maybe it was pain, reluctance, guilt—almost like he’d expected this, flickered through his eyes. His lips parted once, twice. Then, he let out a slow, winding breath. 
“Month and a half from now. In April,” he said. 
“April,” I said.  
The word tasted like ashes. 
Of course it was April. It was always April. I closed my eyes and focused on my breathing. If Dad noticed the sudden hitch in tempo, he didn’t comment on it. Instead, he cleared his throat and said, “But listen, Kiddo. Don’t worry about it. Your dad’s going to be okay.” 
I glared at him from the back of my eyelids. I didn’t even know if he believed that. 
“Okay,” I said. 
He reached over the table to ruffle my hair. “You worry too much.”
“Yeah.”
A beat of silence passed, and I opened my eyes. Dad’s smile faltered. Seeing that I wasn’t convinced, he tried again with a cough. “Tell you what, Chris. Have you thought about college yet?”
“College?” the word slipped from my mouth, surprised. College was the kind of thing adults talked about. Mr. Troung, Dad, all the teachers at school. It never crossed my mind unless they brought it up. I shook my head. “No, not really,” I said. 
“Thought so,” Dad nodded. “How about we make a deal?”
“A deal?”
“Mm. If you tell me what you want to do in college by the time I have my surgery, I’ll take you to the Cherry Blossom Festival. How’s that sound?”
I stared at him. “Really, college.”
“Hey, it’s never too early to start thinking about your future.”
“Dad,” I said.
“Come on, Kiddo,” he smiled. He looked so proud, so sure of himself that I shut up and let him talk. “It’s the Cherry Blossom Festival. You and Grandma loved that place!”
“Yeah, when I was eight.”
“Exactly. Now we can go again! It’ll be fun.”
I sighed. “Dad.”
But it was like I wasn’t even there. He continued talking, smiling.
“You know what? I heard they sell a fermented cherry blossom sake there. I’ve never tried it, but I think I’ll try some this time. And who knows,” he shot me a wink. “If you give me a list of colleges you’ll aim for, I might even let you take a sip.”
My jaw dropped. “You—what? I don’t even drink!”
“Well, it’s never too early to—”
“Dad, seriously—”
“Start thinking about your future,” he laughed. “Come on, Chris. Give me some more credit. I’m a responsible parent. You’re not drinking until you’re twenty-one, and you’re definitely not dating until you’re eighty-one.”
A moment passed as I stared at him. He raised an eyebrow from over the top of his laptop, like he was daring me to say something, anything. I couldn’t help it; I smiled despite myself.
“Right,” I said. 
“Ha! Made you smile!” he crowed. 
This time, it was my turn to laugh. 
Dad turned back to his laptop and tapped the keyboard a few times. The code he was working on blinked back onto his glasses. Before he started typing again, he looked up at me and said, “Seriously. Think about it, will you? College is a big step.” 
“Okay, yeah,” I said. 
“And tell me by April, yeah?”
“April.”
And that was that. I was just about to stand up to put my bowl away when something painful occurred to me. It stuck to the roof of my mouth like tar, like rancid, expired gum glued to the underside of desks. It tasted familiar. My chest twisted tight. He always did this. He always did this.  
“Dad,” my voice was quiet. “Will we be okay?”
“Hm?”
“Financially. Surgeries are—they’re expensive.”
Dad was silent for a fraction of a second, but it was enough.
“Hey,” he said, but my heart was already sinking. The mood in the air soured; the temperature of the room dropped ten degrees. I knew the truth now, just like I knew what he’d say next. “Don’t worry about it. Just focus on school, and I’ll take care of everything else.”
I closed my eyes. “Okay.”
He left me to my own devices afterwards, claiming that I needed to go outside for at least an hour today. That was kind of hypocritical, because I knew for a fact he’d be holed up in the house for the rest of the day. I didn’t say anything though. He was working.
And you should be too, a small voice whispered in the back of my mind.
I clenched my fists and blotted it out.
Instead, I decided to channel my frustration into something productive. Namely, homework. And it worked, for a little while at least. I managed to drown myself in math problems and history essays and physics labs, but before I knew it, I was back to lying on my bed, looking up at the grainy ceiling above.
I placed both hands on my cheeks. “PFFFFT.”
Don’t worry about it, Chris.
I took a deep breath. “PFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFT.”
Just focus on school.
“PFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFT.”
I’ll take care of everything.
I blew raspberries until my lips were numb. 
The last time Dad went through a major operation was when he first got sick, a few weeks after he was diagnosed. The doctors had said it was something about his white blood cells going boom. A rare immunodeficiency disease called HLH that required him to be under constant rest and monitoring. Under no circumstances, they told him, was he to overwork himself.
Of course, Dad didn’t listen.
He went about life like usual and promised everything would be okay. He taught me code, attempted to cook, and made his stupid jokes with a straight face. Maybe it was because I was younger back then, maybe I was just naïve, but I really did believe nothing was wrong. Then one morning—one normal Sunday morning—when I was sat in the living room of our old house, flipping through channels on the TV and sipping from a glass of orange juice, he collapsed.
He flatlined twice that day. 
I’ll never forget the sight of him in the ICU, hooked up to a jungle of wires and beeping machines. He laid on a hospital bed, pale-skinned and blue-lipped, as close to dead as the living could be. And it was stupid, I knew it was, but the only thing I could think of during the entire fourteen-hour operation was that he wasn’t smiling.  Because the world was ending, and I was crying, so why wasn’t he smiling? 
When he woke up a few hours later, the first thing he did was smile.  
The doctors sent us home with a strict warning a few days later, and for a while, everything calmed down. Dad had reassured me everything was going to be okay. He kept his sense of humor and joked about the entire thing like it was in past tense. Like I didn’t need to worry anymore. But this time around, I knew better. I knew.
Because when he thought I wasn’t looking, and stared up at the ceiling with heavy sighs, there wasn’t a doubt in my mind as to what he was thinking about. It didn’t take a genius to figure out. I was fourteen, not an idiot. Hospitals were expensive. Surgeries, even more so. And when I asked him if we would be okay—if he would be okay, Dad answered with the same, damn smile.
That day, he lied to me for the first time. That day, I snuck an assignment for the first time.
Matt had told me it was noble. To want to help my dad bear a burden as heavy as that. I didn’t think so. I wasn’t do it because it was the right thing, or even the noble thing. Not really. I was doing it because I was scared.
A pair of big green eyes blinked in my head.
“You’re not wrong,” I whispered.
I was so scared I stayed up until four that night, working on assignments.
The next morning was one of my worst. Mondays were always bad, but this particular Monday took the cake. I’d passed out on my laptop in the middle of the night with lines of code in my eyes. Out of the ten alarms that decorated my phone’s notifications, I’d slept past six. Somehow, someway, I managed to drag myself on the bus to school and promptly passed out again. It was a miracle I even woke up for my stop.
When I got to school, I threw myself down in my seat and buried my head in my arms. According to the Internet, four hours of sleep should’ve allowed for just as much functionality as eight. Obviously, that was wrong because I didn’t think I was even functional enough to walk. Dimly, I was aware of Matt coming over. The first thing he said showed just how much tact he had.
“You look terrible, man.”
My response showed how little fricks I gave.
“No you.”
Matt blinked. “Did you just ‘no you’ me?” he asked. 
“No, you,” I said. 
“That doesn’t make any sense.”
“Yes.”
“Are you okay?”
“I’m tired.”
“Yeah. I um—I can see that.”
“Really?”
“You have bags under your eyes, man.”
“Oh.”
“They’re dark.”
“Ah.”
“Really, really dark.”
“Thanks.”
“Seriously,” he leaned over the edge of his chair, straddling like it a seesaw. Something odd danced in his eyes—was that worry? “What the hell did you do last night?” he asked. 
Half of me wanted to say, “your mother.” The other half was too tired for bullshit.
I sighed. “What do you think?”
“Assignments?” he asked.
I nodded.
He lowered his voice. “How many?”
“Three.”
“T-Three?” his eyes bugged out.
“Three.”
“H-How long did that take?”
I shook my head. “I honestly don’t remember.”
Matt sat back with a heavy exhale. “Three, huh?”
“Hm.”
“Jesus, dude.”
“Yeah.”
“Jesus.”
And that was how class started. Mrs. Haley walked into the room with her typical morning swagger, with way too much sugar and coffee to her step, and beamed at us. A stream of students followed her through the door. She set her bags down by her desk and withdrew her water bottle. I spared her as much brainpower as I could give. 
“Good morning, class!” she said.
“Good morning, Mrs. Haley,” we droned back.
Mrs. Haley clapped her hands. “Alright! Just a couple of morning announcements before we get started. Our first order of business is—”
My fuel tanks ran dry.
I buried my face back in the crook of my arms and started nodding off. The problem with English class first thing in the morning was that it was way too easy to fall asleep in. And Mrs. Haley—bless her heart—was also way too nice to tell me off. As such, I spent my time in her class either jotting down notes for my latest story or trying my best (and usually failing) to stay awake. Today, I didn’t even try. I knocked out the instant my ear touched my arms.
I just wish I slept longer. 
The next thing I knew, somebody was shaking me.
“Gerroff,” I bit out, and tried to go back to sleep. 
The shaking intensified, and I looked up with half a glare. “What?” I growled. 
A familiar face stared back. I blinked. “Oh, hey Adam.”
Adam’s smile was tight. “Hey man.”
“What’s up?”
Adam didn’t reply. He didn’t need to, because as soon as I focused behind him, I noticed something odd. The entire class was staring at me. The entire class was staring at me. From Sophia, to Matt, to Adam, and even Mrs. Haley—it was like I’d done something incriminating. I blinked.
“Whatever it is, Matt did it,” I said. I ignored his squawk of protest.
Mrs. Haley shook her head, smiling. “Just get up here, Chris. I need your help.”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
Matt tried to trip me on the way up. I kicked him in the shin.
“Ow, son of a—”
“Language!”
“Yes, Ma’am!” 
Mrs. Haley waited until I crossed the room to explain the situation. She showed me her computer screen. My eyes immediately latched on to the frozen loading bar and the small red X over the Wi-Fi indicator. “The school did the final rest of their wireless system. Think you can work your magic one last time?” she asked. 
I nodded. “Give me five minutes.”
“Awesome.” Mrs. Haley turned back to the class and clapped her hands. “While Chris is doing that, I have some exciting news for you guys. Today, we have a new student joining us! She’s transferring in all the way from—” I half-tuned her out and double tapped the keyboard.
Three minutes and two lines of code later, I was done. It was just in time too.
“Please join me in welcoming Ms. Katagiri!”
I swiveled around in my chair and clapped along with the rest of the class. An expectant pause gripped the air as all eyes turned towards the classroom door, waiting for somebody to step in. When nothing happened, Mrs. Haley frowned. “Ms. Katagiri?”
Another second passed.
“Maybe she pulled a Chris,” Matt suggested.
I rolled my eyes. The “Oooh’s” from everybody else didn’t help either. I was about to hurl something back when the sound of running pounded furiously from down the hallway. A curtain of hazel hair screeched to a stop, panting for breath as she leaned against the doorframe.
“I’m sorry!” the transferred student gasped out. “This school’s just so big! Way bigger than anything we have in D.C., and I couldn’t find my way, and there were so many people, and—”
She looked up, and I found myself staring into a pair of familiar green eyes.

SEVEN
“Well,” said Matt. “There she is.”
Next to me, Mrs. Haley was already moving. 
“Come in, come in!” she beamed. “Don’t be a stranger.”
Mrs. Haley ushered her to the front of the room, and consequently, right next to me. If my brain wasn’t so fried by the knowing wink Kai sent me, I might’ve even said something.
“Everyone say hi to Ms. Katagiri! She’ll be with us for the rest of the semester, so be sure to introduces yourselves after class.” Mrs. Haley turned to Kai. “Why don’t you tell us a little bit about yourself, dear?”
I watched, dazed, as Kai smiled.
“Sure! Hi guys, I’m Kai, and I  recently transferred schools from Washington D.C. I’m a little nervous about the move, but I really love New York so I’m also kind of excited. To be honest, I had like a five-hundred-word introduction memorized, but I literally just forgot it,” she paused as a wave of laughter rippled through the room. I looked on with wide eyes. “I hope we have a great year together!”
Matt, as always, was the first one to clap. 
Mrs. Haley waited until the applause was over and brought her hands together. “Thank you, Kai. That was wonderful. And thank you, Matt.” She gestured at Matt, whose grin was so wide I was afraid his lips would split. “Kai, this is Matt Rogers. He’s one of the two troublemakers of the class. ”
Matt stood up and did an overexaggerated bow. 
“Who’s the other troublemaker?” Kai asked.
Mrs. Haley jabbed a thumb in my direction. “That’d be this guy right here.”
“Wait,” I blinked. “What?” 
Mrs. Haley nodded. “Mhm. He’s not as loud as Matt, but he’s definitely a handful. Falls asleep in my class religiously. At least three times a week.”
I gasped, feeling my cheeks color. “I do not!”
“Chris, you fell asleep this morning,” she said. 
“That wasn’t—I wasn’t,” my jaw clicked shut as the rest of the class laughed.  
Mrs. Haley laughed. “Kai, meet Chris.”
“Um,” I said, because I didn’t know what else to say.
“Nice to meet you!” Kai walked up to me with her winning smile. It was horrible, and awful, and accentuated the smile lines in her cheeks. She offered up her hand. I shook it weakly.
“Y-Yo,” I said. 
Our handshake lasted a second too long, and Matt (damn that guy) whistled like he was watching the last scene of a romcom. I jerked away like I’d been shocked. My face was burning. Kai’s smile, however, widened.
“Matt,” said Mrs. Haley.
He whistled again. This time, innocently.
“Anyway,” Mrs. Haley shook her head. “Kai, why don’t you follow Chris to the back? There’s a free seat next to him, and you can help me make sure he doesn’t fall asleep again.”
“Sure!” Kai turned to me, still smiling. 
“Right,” I said. “Um, yeah. Follow me.”
I lead her to the back of the classroom and gestured to the empty seat next to me. Kai set down her bag and got out a notebook. I watched as she chewed her bottom lip, then exchanged her current one for another. Meanwhile, in the background, Mrs. Haley started class again. As soon as she launched into a preview of what book we were going to read next, I leaned over to Kai. 
“What are you doing here?” I asked her. 
“Going to school,” she whispered back. “Duh.”
“No, I mean—”
“I know, I know.”
“What do you mean you know?”
Somebody shushed us.
I looked at Kai helplessly. She mouthed a single word: later.
I couldn’t concentrate for the rest of class. As soon as the bell for second period rang, I looked to her for some long-awaited answers, but she was already moving. Her stuff was all packed up, and she was slipping out from her chair like it was some kind of race. 
“Sorry!” she said, as she ran towards the door. “I don’t really know my way around, so I gotta go find my other classes. I’ll see you at lunch!”
“But, you don’t—” 
Then, she was gone, and I was left staring at the line of people filing out the doorway. I never even told her how to find me. I never had the chance to. 
“Getting chummy with the new girl, huh?” Matt threw an arm around my neck, coming up from behind me.
“Um,” I said.
He clapped me on the shoulder. “Don’t worry, I get it. You have dibs.”
“No, that’s not—”
“Uh huh, uh huh. Okay.”
I elbowed him in the ribs. “Dude.”
“What?” he said. “She’s hot. Back me up here, Adam.”
“Woah. Don’t drag me into this,” Adam said, bringing up both his hands. “I have a girlfriend.”
“Fine then. Jay?”
“She’s pretty cute, I guess,” Jay said.
“Thank you. Soph?”
“I really like her eyes!” Sophia said. 
Matt shot me a smug grin. “See?”
I looked on, speechless. When nobody else said anything, probably because they were too busy smiling to do so, I shook my head with a sigh. “Whatever, dude. Let’s just get to class. Gibas is gonna kill us if we’re late.”
Matt grinned. “I won’t be the reason you’re late.”
“I hate you.”
His grin stretched.
The school day dragged on, but no matter how hard I tried, I just couldn’t concentrate. It was a little hard, knowing Kai was here. She was probably lost—or worse, in Mrs. Dawson’s math class. I tried to distract myself by writing in my notebook, but every time I came close to forming a coherent sentence, my train of thought derailed. It was stupid. All I could seem to think about was how this wasn’t the way I imagined our second meeting would go. 
When the lunch bell finally rang, I collapsed over my desk with eyelids heavier than dumbbells. It was like somebody had tied weights to them, and they were bobbing up and down, forcing my eyes to flutter open and shut. I could barely keep myself awake. 
Matt didn’t have that problem. He hopped into the seat in front of me with a cheerful grin, straddling the sides of the chair like he always did. “You look terrible!” he said.
I didn’t have the energy to respond, so instead I said, “Asdfgh.”
“You’re welcome?” he said. 
“Iawkbd.”
“Mostly just review. But uh, there’s a quiz tomorrow.”
I groaned.
“I know,” he said, sympathetically. “I know.”
I yawned into my sleeves and looked up. Around us, the classroom was mostly empty; even Ms. White was on her way out for lunch. The only sounds in the room were backpacks zipping up and the occasional “Where do you want to eat?” from stragglers stepping through the doorway. I flicked my cheeks and dragged myself up. Matt handed my backpack to me. I nodded my thanks.
“So, where do you want to eat?” I asked him. 
Matt shrugged and jabbed at the other guys. “Probably burgers. Wanna come?”
I was just about to nod when a sudden thought came to me. Matt tilted his head, having noticed my hesitance. “What’s up?”
“I-I think I’m meeting someone for lunch,” I said. 
He blinked. “You’re meeting someone for lunch,” he said. 
“I’m meeting someone for lunch.”
He pointed at me, then at the door. “You. Someone. Lunch.”
“Um, yeah,” I said. 
He paused. “Are you being blackmailed?”
“What?”
Matt grabbed me by the shoulders and searched my eyes. “Blink once if you’re okay.”
“Matt!” 
“What?”
I shoved him off, grumbling, “Dude, it’s not that big of a deal.”
“Not that big—of course it’s a big deal!” he exclaimed. “Who’s it with?”
“Well, she’s—”
“She?”
“Uh—”
“Guys!” he beckoned wildly to the other guys, who were crowded in a circle. They perked up and made their way over to us. “Guys, I think Chris has a date!” Matt said. 
Adam blinked. “A date?”
“Chris has a date?” Trevor said.
“Is she 3D or 2D?” Jay asked.
“The hell—Jay!” I glared at him.
“It’s a valid question,” the dark-skinned boy shrugged.
“No, it’s not! I go on dates, like, all the time!”
“Uh huh.”
Matt smirked and opened his mouth. I beat him to the punch. “Matt, if you make a joke about my left hand, I swear I’ll hack all your social media accounts,” I said. 
His jaw clicked shut.
I shook my head, huffing lightly. I was sure my cheeks were pink. “Guys, seriously. It’s not a big deal. We’re just gonna hang out and talk.”
Adam elbowed Jay, who elbowed Matt, who elbowed Trevor. Then, as if they’d practiced this before, the four of them turned to me in sync and simultaneously wagged their eyebrows. “Just gonna hang out, huh?”
I glared at the four of them. “I hate you guys, I really do.” 
Matt laughed and threw an arm around my neck. He tugged me close. “So, what does hang out mean for you again? I’m asking for a friend.”
“I will murder you.”
The laughter intensified, and Matt gave me a little shove towards the door. If I hadn’t seen it coming, I probably would’ve tripped. 
“All right lads,” he turned to the rest of the guys. “What’s for lunch?”
I blinked at the sudden change in momentum. For a moment there, I thought they were going to keep on grilling me for details, but Matt was already talking about switching up burgers for Boba. Another discrete push later, and I got the hint. I hurriedly shouldered my backpack and made my way through the chairs, clinking and clanking as I reached the door. Before I could step through, Matt flashed me one last grin. 
Good luck. 
I was smiling even before I made my way down the corridor. 
On busy Mondays, the school hallways were usually jammed with people. Today was no exception. Students (mostly freshmen) crowded the floor in little ringlets, hung off windows that overlooked the city, and ambled by in groups of two or three. I stepped over a few legs and ducked into the area before the stairs.
Kai had never said where she wanted to meet or how she would even find me. She’d rushed off before I could tell her. I checked my phone, only to remember I didn’t have her number either.
I let out a small sigh. This whole thing was horribly planned, and I was half-convinced the entire morning had been a delusion of my addled mind. Luckily, there were still thirty minutes of lunch left. I decided that, if I couldn’t find her in another five, then I’d go hang out with Matt.
Somebody tapped me on the shoulder. “Hey.”
I turned around to a pair of big green eyes. Kai shot me an easygoing smile and readjusted her hoodie, tugging at one sleeve with the other. “Ready to go?” she asked. 
“Uh,” I said, because she’d just appeared out of nowhere and I was not ready to go. I blinked, then blinked again. 
Kai tilted her head. “What?”
“H-How did you find me?” I asked. 
“Your schedule’s on the front of your binder. You drooled on it in English this morning,” she said, as if she was talking about the color of the sky or the weight of the clouds. 
My cheeks flared up. “What—no I didn’t!”
Kai laughed, and it occurred to me I’d probably given her the exact reaction she was looking for. My cheeks turned even more red. The rest of my words jammed in my throat. “Kidding, just kidding,” she smiled. “Now, come on. Let’s go.”
“Go where?” I asked. 
She started down the stairs. 
“Hey, wait!” I leaned over the railing. “Where are you going?”
“Somewhere quiet!” she called back. Things were moving so fast they were giving me a sense of whiplash. “You coming?”
“Kai, wait—don’t!” There was a moment where, out of the corner of my eyes, I saw Matt and the rest of the guys leave Ms. White’s classroom. The choice was clear: either follow her or watch the guys eat at the burger joint while I chewed on the soggy sandwich I packed this morning. I scrambled down the stairs and caught up to her side. 
“I thought you didn’t know this place,” I said, as we moved down the building. 
“Oh, I don’t,” she said.
“Then, how—”
“I have you.”
“But, you didn’t even—” I gave up with a sigh. Her words were so casual, so nonchalant, that I couldn’t form a response. I opted to keep moving, shaking my head. Despite the bizarre situation, a small laugh bubbled up from my chest.  
“What?” she said.
“No, nothing.” I said. “Never mind. Do you want inside or outside?”
“Inside, please.”
“Inside it is.”
I led her down to the lobby. 
Reaching several feet above us, the lobby’s ceiling arced like the inside of a Roman Catholic church. Sleek slabs of granite gray paved the walls. The floor was polished tile, scuffed by thousands of pairs of shoes and the backpacks of people scattered about. And it was well-lit, washed a soft yellow by the sunlight pouring through the windows. 
I pointed to a corner. “That’s where I used to sit for lunch.”
“Over there?” she asked. 
“Mhm.”
Kai looked around. “Hm, yeah. Makes sense.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” I asked. 
“It’s the only place without people,” she said, and didn’t offer any more than that.
I decided to take it as a compliment. “Um, right,” I said.  
Kai chuckled and followed me to the corner, where she dropped off her backpack and sat down with her knees tucked in. I sat down beside her and crisscrossed my legs. She eyed me for a second, smiled, then fished her lunch out. I did the same, wondering how the conversation would start. 
When she unwrapped her sandwich, I took the first leap of faith. “You know, when you said we’d meet again, I didn’t think you meant this,” I told her.
Kai had the decency to blush. “I didn’t want to ruin the surprise,” she said.
“So, you knew from the start?” I asked.
“Kinda, yeah.”
I shook my head. “Kai…”
Kai laughed and took a bite of her sandwich. I did the same.
“So, why’d you transfer anyway?” I asked.
“Hm?”
“I mean, D.C. That’s pretty far.” I drew a line in the air with two fingers. 
Kai shook her head, covering her mouth with a hand when she swallowed. “Oh, it’s not so bad. They’re both cities. They’re both loud. They’ve both got great sunsets…” 
“Sunsets?” I said. 
“Mhm. It’s why I’m here.”
I blinked. “What?”
Her lips tugged upwards. “I came here for the sunsets,” she said. 
“You came here for the sunsets,” I repeated. 
“Uh huh.”
I wasn’t sure if she was messing with me. “Kai?”
“Yeah?”
“You uh, you do realize there are sunsets in D.C.” I told her.
“Oh, yeah. I know,” she said.  
I shook my head. “So, you… what?” 
Kai laughed, as if she’d expected this too. She brushed off one hand and tucked a loose lock of hair behind her ear. “Sunsets in New York are supposed to be really pretty, dude. I’m not passing up the chance to see one,” she said. 
“But, you didn’t have to transfer schools,” I said.
“Why not?” she tilted her head.
“Because.”
“Because?”
“Because you—it’s a sunset!”
Kai nodded. “Yeah.”
I stared at her, unsure if I’d minced up my words. “It’s a sunset.”
“And this is a sandwich,” she said, holding up her sandwich.
“Kai,” I sighed.
“What?”
“Are you messing with me?
“No.”
“Dude, bullshit. You have to be. How do you even think of that?” I asked. 
“Oh, very carefully,” she said. 
“Huh?”
She folded her arms. “I thought about it very carefully. I said: I want to see a sunset in New York for the rest of the school year. So, here I am.”
My mouth opened, then closed. She raised an eyebrow, as if she was daring me to say something, anything to challenge her statement. In the end, I couldn’t, so I buried my face in my palms and tried to convince myself this was something normal people did. It never once crossed my mind she might not have told the entire truth. 
“Okay, I give up. You’re impossible,” I said. 
“Oh, I know,” she said. 
My phone buzzed from the floor with a text from Matt. I clicked it shut, but not before taking a quick glance at the time. By now, lunch was already half over; the breadcrumbs in my lap reflected that. Next to me, Kai stuffed her lunchbox back into her backpack and readjusted her jeans. 
“So, hey um,” she said, after I tossed my trash into the nearest garbage can.
I tilted my head.  
“Have you read any of the books yet?”
My first instinct was a confused, “Books? What books?” Two seconds later, and I remembered the promise I’d made her. Unfortunately, after what had happened yesterday, the books were probably the farthest things from my mind. Still, that didn’t stop me from feeling bad.
I coughed. “Um, no. Sorry, not yet.”
“Dang,” she said. 
“Yeah, I um—I haven’t had the time,” I said. 
“That’s okay. Are you really busy?”
Work, I thought. Assignments. Big hospital bill.
“Something like that,” I told her. 
“Oh.” Kai’s face fell, like I’d done something to disappoint her. I found myself looking away. “Well, if you get a chance, will you read them?”
I nodded; I didn’t trust myself to make any more promises.
We descended into a small silence, not uncomfortable, but definitely not pleasant either. An odd guilt stewed in my stomach. I shifted on the floor, wondering if I needed to take another leap of faith.
“Oh, I have an idea!” Kai perked up, answering my question before I could. 
“An idea?” I said. 
“Mhm!”
“For what?” 
“If I take you to watch a sunset in D.C., will you read Wax?” she asked.
I blinked at the strange offer. “Um…”
“Come on, please?”
“Remind me why I’d wanna watch a sunset in D.C. again?” I asked. 
“Because they’re pretty, duh,” she said. 
I rolled my eyes. She stared defiantly back.
“You’re gonna have to come up with a better argument than that,” I said.
“You’re a better argument than that,” she said. 
“I’m—huh?”
“Exactly.” She clasped her hands together and leaned forward, closing the distance between us. “Come on, please? I promise—no, pinky promise, that it’ll be one of the best things you’ll ever see.”
“I don’t know, I’ve watched Kimi no na Wa.”
“And I’ve watched Space Jam. Trust me, it’s still better.”
“Really,” I said.
“It’ll be a win-win. You get to enjoy a sunset with yours truly, and you get to read a life-changing book,” she tried again.
I raised an eyebrow.
“Pretty please with a cherry on top?”
“Y-You’re not gonna give up on this, huh?”
“Nope.”
I sighed. “Fine.”
Kai blinked, like she didn’t hear me correctly. “Wait, really?”
“Yup,” I said. 
“Seriously?”
“Seriously.”
“I honestly thought you were gonna put up more of a fight.”
“What, and listen to you annoy me more?” I chuckled at the look on her face. She sat back with a pout. “It better be some sunset though,” I said. 
“Oh, it is,” she promised, brightening up all over again. “It totally is. You’ll love it. D.C. has always been my favorite place to watch sunsets, and I’ve been watching sunsets for a long, long time. Who knows, maybe you’ll like it so much you’ll wanna watch another.”
“Woah, now. Don’t get too carried away.”
Kai laughed, and I found myself chuckling right alongside her. 
The school bell rang, and with it came a trickling group of people. They made their way through the front doors and under the foyer, heading towards the stairs. But before the last person was through the door, they were joined by another group. And another. And another. Soon, there was an entire torrent of bodies that filled the room, connected by their backpacks and the humdrum of overlapping conversation. 
Kai turned to me, lips upturned. “Well, I guess this is it, Orion.”
I rolled my eyes. “Some secret keeper, you are.”
“You know it,” she laughed. 
She pushed herself up and, with one hand, helped me up as well. I took it and shouldered my backpack. We made our way through the sea of sweaters and hoodies and somehow, someway, ended up back by the foot of the stairs. I ducked into a little pocket of air in the moving river and went to reorganize my things.
Kai tapped me on the shoulder. “Oh, and one more thing,” she said.
“Hm?” I looked up. 
She held out her hand, smiling, “Give me your number?”
I blinked at her owlishly, and when the right words came to me, they were accompanied by a small laugh and a smile of my own. I fished my phone out from my pocket. 
“You sure you don’t want my Discord?”
We agreed on Friday, because that was the only time I was free, while she seemed to be free on every single day of the week. I found the whole situation a little funny: here I was, agreeing to watch a sunset in another city with a girl I was just barely friends with, despite all the stress from my homework and Dad’s assignments. And somehow, someway, I was looking forward to it. It seemed almost like a dream.
The following days passed like clockwork. Between taking care of Dad and late nights in front of my laptop screen, I managed to hash out an unsteady rhythm that had me up by seven and asleep at two in the morning. It was exhausting, but I needed to make up for lost time.
As my life at home changed, so did my life at school. I finally introduced Kai to Matt and the rest of the guys; his response was something I really should’ve expected. The very first thing he said to her was, “Do you juggle?” When she declined with a small laugh, the second thing he said to her was, “Great, me neither. Let’s get married.” 
Kai almost fell over laughing. I was so red I must’ve looked like a bottle of ketchup. I would’ve apologized for him too, but she told him to try again in a few years, so obviously he was doing something right. Afterwards, he even had the gall to ask if I had dibs. I decked him on the spot.
Then, it was Friday. 
The night before, I cooked in bulk. I portioned out the food into two meals so Dad could have dinner for both nights. He’d asked me about it in passing, but I had no good answer for him. It was one thing to agree to hang out with Kai, but another thing entirely to tell Dad. Because how could I? I’d be watching a sunset while he’d still be bedridden, working to pay our bills.
So instead, I told him I was working on a school project with a friend. Dad had smiled, and he told me to go have fun. He didn’t say no. He never did. Somehow, that made me feel even worse.
I went to go meet Kai as soon as the last school bell rang. 
It was exceptionally warm for a February afternoon. Winters in New York were usually unforgiving, but as the days slowly moved into March, the weather had grown kinder and kinder. The snow that’d coated the icy streets for the better part of the past few months was melting, and where there used be only cloudy skies above now boasted a gleaming sun, all bright and proud. Spring hummed in anticipation. Like always, I wasn’t sure how to feel about that.
“Look what the cat dragged in,” Kai smiled when I joined her beneath the bus stop.
“You’re the one with the phone cover,” I said, and set my bag down.
She laughed. “So, you excited?”
“I guess.”
“What do you mean, I guess? You’re about to watch a sunset in D.C.!” 
“I’ve been to D.C. before, you know,” I told her. 
“Well,” she flipped her hair. “You’ve never been with me.”
“Uh huh,” I said. “Is that supposed to be better?”
“Obviously.”
“Right. Obviously.”
She swiped at my chest. I dodged with a small laugh.
“So, how are we doing this?” I asked, when my usual bus came and left. 
“Hm?”
“Like, how are we getting there.”
“Oh!” Kai perked up. The green of her eyes caught a splintering strand of sunlight. I tore my gaze away and focused on what she was trying to show me—a jigsaw of multicolored lines on her phone screen. It was a map of train lines, my brain supplied, and a very, very familiar one at that. But for some reason, I couldn’t remember where I’d seen it before.
“See this blue line?” Kai pointed at a single thread out of the crisscrossing dozens on the screen. It was thick, easily double the width of some other ones. “That’s the one we’re taking. It’s the only direct route from New York to D.C.”
I squinted at the picture. The bus I usually took was highlighted in green, but my line was at least five times shorter than the one she was pointing at. “Uh huh. Hey uh, how long does it take to get to D.C. anyway?” I asked her.
“Around two hours,” she said. 
“Oh, okay good. Two—what?”
She’d said it so casually, so nonchalantly, the words never sunk in the first time around. The synapses in my brain reconnected. My jaw dropped. “Two hours?”
“Mhm,” she hummed. 
“That’s so long! How are we gonna get back in time?”
“Don’t worry. The last train leaves at ten, so you can be back by midnight at the latest. You don’t have anything to do today, right?” She peered at me with those big green eyes.
“Well,” I said, reluctantly. “No, but…”
“But what?”
“I mean, won’t your parents be worried? You’re riding off to D.C. with some random kid you just met, and you’re getting back super late too. It’s a little, well, it’s a little weird.” I toyed with my fingers, suddenly wondering if this was the best way to spend my Friday evening. 
“Oh, that.” Kai chuckled. “Well, I kind of forgot to tell you, but I live in D.C.”
My synapses frizzled out, then reconnected again. “You what?” I said. 
“I live in—”
“Dude, are you serious?”
“Well, yeah.”
“B-But the train ride!” My words tripped over themselves in a tangle of sounds. I waved my hands in frantic circles. “It’s two hours long! You get up at five every day?”
Kai nodded.
“And you do all this for a sunset?”
She nodded again.
I shook my head. “I-I don’t even know what to say.”
“You can tell me how great I look today.”
“No. Just—oh God, I give up.”
She laughed at that.
When the bus finally came, Kai grabbed my arm and manhandled me onboard, buzzing with visible excitement. We made a short transfer at the train station, and before I knew it, we were on our way, cutting through the sprawling concrete jungle and into the countryside. Kai’s grin was contagious, delighting at the chance to point at every single landmark we passed. I smiled and nodded along to her rambling. 
But while the rolling hills were idyllic and the sky stretched out like a great blue canvas, swirling with wisps of white, I knew it wasn’t them that stole my breath away. It was the odd weight in my chest that told me this was all too familiar. It was the realization that the rumbling of the train beneath me, the reflection of Kai’s eyes in the window beside us, and the slowly approaching cityscape in the distance were reminiscent of some other time in my life, long ago.
But when? 

EIGHT
“Excuse me?”
“Hm?”
“Um, Miss? Could—could you help me, please?”
A boy, who couldn’t have been older than seven or eight, peered up at the teller of a crowded train station. A blue beanie covered his ears. A heavy scarf wrapped snugly around his neck. He also carried a backpack, the name Roger stitched into its seams. The teller smiled and crouched in front of him.
“Hi sweetie,” she said. “How can I help?”
“I need to get to Washington!” said the boy.
“Washington?” Her eyes widened. “As in, D.C.?”
“Yup!”
“Sweetie, that’s really, really far. Are you sure?”
“Mhm!”
The teller paused, unsure of what to do. “Oh, um…”
Big brown eyes peered up at her pleadingly. The older woman caved after a few seconds. “Oh, alright. Take a look at this map, sweetie.” She showed him a confusing tangle of multi-colored lines. “Do you see this line?” 
The boy furrowed his brow. “Um, where?”
“Here.”
“Um…”	
“This blue one. The long one.”
“Oh, yeah!”
She smiled at him and traced it from one tangle of thread to another with her finger. “Okay, so to go from New York to D.C., you’re going to have to take this train. It’ll be a direct line, so there won’t be any transfers. Do you know what that means?”
“Nope!”
The teller laughed. “Well, today you won’t have to. Just take a left around that corner, and the next train’s going to be yours. Here, you can keep this map if you want.”
“Really?” the boy looked up at her. At her encouraging nod, he beamed. “Thank you!”
“No problem, sweetie. No problem. So, what’s a little fella like you going to D.C. for?”
“I’m going for Grandma,” he told her.
“You’re visiting your grandma?”
“Nope!”
“But sweetie, you just said—”
“I’m going for the Pretties.”
“The… Pretties?”
“Uh huh!”
“Sweetie, what’s a Pretty?”
“It’s a pink flower Grandma likes. And they’re pretty, so they’re Pretties!”
Understanding dawned in the teller’s eyes. She smiled down at him. “Oh, you’re going to the Cherry Blossom Festival, aren’t you?”
He shook his head and insisted, “The Pretties!”
“Right, right,” she chuckled. “Silly me. Yes, the Pretties.”
The boy puffed out his chest. He put his hands on his hips and said, “You wanna know something cool, Miss? I’m gonna collect a thousand Pretties!”
The older woman mimed a gasp. “A thousand Pretties?”
“A thousand Pretties!”
“That’s awesome, sweetie! That’s amazing. And they’re all for your grandma?”
“Mhm!”
She ruffled his hair. “You’re a very sweet kid, you know that? I wish my grandkids would give me Pretties, but I’m not old enough to be a grandma yet.”
“That’s okay. You will be one day!”
The teller’s laugh was drowned out by the announcer over the loudspeaker. The automated voice rattled off a series of numbers and colors, before going silent. The boy tilted his head. He had no idea what any of that meant, but hopefully he wouldn’t need to. The nice lady would tell him.  
“Alright, sweetie.” The teller recaptured his attention by folding up the map and tucking it in his hands. She patted his fingers. “The blue line leaves at 9:57, so you have about five minutes. Remember, it’s the first left around that corner. Any questions?”
He shook his head.
“Great,” she smiled at him one last time. “Go and get some Pretties!”
With that, he was off, dodging and weaving through the crowd of people like it was one giant game of Hide-and-Seek Tag. The ocean of legs paid him no mind, so it was easy to find his way. The first left around this corner. He shoved through the river of bodies and arrived at the edge of the platform. Dull and marred an ugly gray, little crisscross stars were interspaced all the way down the line. He was glad the stars in his room looked nothing like them.
 A beeping sign announced the arrival of the next train—his train, with the blare of a loud horn. It shook the air and rattled the steel beneath his feet. The little boy grinned into his scarf. 
Finally.
The train came moments later. He was the first one on board, naturally, and he bounded inside like a knight on a mission—which of course, he was. He was Grandma’s knight. And his mission: to collect a thousand Pretties. 
It would be a perilous quest, filled with knights, and dragons, and knights, and even more knights. But most importantly, it was Grandma’s mission. He couldn’t fail her.
Taking a seat by one of the many windows, the little knight peered outside as the train rumbled back to life and the scenery changed. The steel of the train station was replaced by grassy green fields and flickering trees, big tall poles and blinking signs. It would be a while before he got to D.C. The last time with Grandma, it’d taken half a story. This time around, Grandma wasn’t here to read to him. He decided to nap. 
Within minutes, he was fast asleep.
By the time he woke up, it was almost noon. He could tell because he was hungry—and because the air trembled with the sound of feet on steel, accompanied by the crackling of a woman’s voice over the intercom, repeating his destination. You have arrived in: Washington D.C. Union Station. You have arrived in—
A steady stream of people had begun lining up for the door; he grabbed his backpack and hopped off his chair. The doors closed shut with a hiss. 
The little knight followed the familiar marble tiles down to the lower levels of the train station. For a Monday morning, it sure was busy. He’d assumed everybody would be at school—all of his friends were—but inside the train station, an ocean of suits and handbags milled about. They were all adults, and he wondered if they were on their way to adult school. After several more minutes of head craning and trying to remember where to go, he made it outside.
Washington D.C. stared back.
The city was a lot different than he remembered it. Maybe it was the sky, a brilliant blue above the towering skyscrapers that loomed like giants, bluer than the crayons he kept in his room at home. Or maybe it was the smell: the hot dog stands, the taco trucks, and the stink of gasoline that mixed together to create a hodgepodge that reminded him of the school cafeteria. That, or he was just really, really hungry.
He liked to think it was because he was taller. The last time he was here had been a full year ago, and everybody knew being eight years old was one whole year bigger than being seven. He hummed a tune as he started down the streets. Ahead, a circlet of pink and green frothed in the tree-line.
After a little while of walking, he made it. The little knight settled down near a tree and pulled out his water bottle. The walk had been long—a lot longer than he remembered. He took a large gulp. A lot more tiring too.
Ahead of him, he could see the Pretty Party. There was one every year. They gathered over the bridge that overlooked a great big lake and gasped in awe at the Pretties flying through the air. They were loud too. Grandma had always told him to be careful going near them, that it was easy to get lost in there.    
Something odd pulled at his gut.
Every year before this, it was Grandma that had accompanied him here. If he was being honest, it felt a little weird being by himself right now. He shook his head and took another swig of water. That’s why he was here. He was her knight, and he would make sure she’d be here with him next year. He’d pinky promised.
Brushing off his pants, the little knight pushed himself to his feet. A gentle wind ruffled the trees in front of him. It was time to begin.
He walked closer to the cherry trees. With every step he took, the ground beneath his feet turned more and more pink. Dozens of fallen Pretties covered the grassy fields, until he was practically wading in them. But, he didn’t want these ones; these ones were on the ground, already sullied by the footsteps that trampled over them. Grandma deserved the best of Pretties, and the best of them were still on their branches.
It was his first challenge as a knight. He wouldn’t back down.
The little knight sat himself beneath a great pink tree, ripe with flowers and a familiar, sweet scent. Then, he waited. A strong wind would soon blow, the roar of a mighty dragon, and he’d collect the Pretties when they came falling. He waited, and he waited, and he waited.
What he predicted came true.    
Like a thousand butterflies, the Pretties shook free from their branches and lifted into the air. Most of them fluttered away into the sky, carried out on a parade of invisible ribbons, but some of them rained down right into his waiting arms. They didn’t fall either; they drifted, like snowflakes dappling down on a winter’s day. He jumped to meet them.
“One!” he caught one with his hand.
“Two!”
“Three, four, five!”
After a fierce fight, he sat back down and counted his bounty. From one battle alone, he’d managed to get eleven Pretties. Eleven whole Pretties! He stashed his winnings in his backpack, careful to not trample them under his water bottle and his snacks. Then, he moved on to the next tree. Soon enough, another dragon roared, and he jumped into the air again, grabbing as many Pretties as he could. This time around, he got thirteen Pretties.
The little knight grinned happily. At this rate, he’d be done in no time.
He counted the ones in his backpack, sifting them through his fingers and letting them fall when he was done. “Twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four… Twenty-four whole Pretties!”
“Twenty-four what?” somebody asked.
“Twenty-four Pretties,” he said, and counted them again just to make sure. He wanted them to be perfect for Grandma. He needed them to be perfect. 
A small hand plucked one from his backpack. “Are these the Pretties?”
“Hey!” he looked up with a scowl.
The culprit was a girl. She sat on the grass next to him, studying the Pretty she stole with big curious eyes. A thick white sweater was bunched up about her waist. She wore a cat-shaped hairclip and a bow in her hair. And she was pretty. Really, really pretty. She was almost as pretty as Paige Ellen, and Paige Ellen was in the fifth grade. 
“Um,” he said, cheeks warm. 
The girl looked up. 
“Are you an angel?” he asked.
The prospective angel thought about it for a second, then shook her head. “Nope.”
That was disappointing news, and the little knight pouted. She was even wearing white too. “Oh. Well, in that case, can you give me my Pretty back? I need it for my quest,” he said. 
“For your quest?” she said. 
“Uh huh. I’m a knight.”
The girl’s eyes grew wide. He puffed up his chest.
“You’re a knight?” She looked him up and down in awe.
“Yup!”
“That’s so cool!”
He grinned, happy that she thought so. “Uh huh! And guess what? I’m on a quest to collect a thousand Pretties!”
“A thousand Pretties?” 
“A thousand Pretties!”
“Woah,” she breathed, and looked down at the Pretty in her hand. Pale and pink, it glistened in the sunlight like a soft slice of marble. He puffed up some more. 
“What are you collecting the Pretties for?” she asked.
“They’re for Grandma,” he said.
“Why does she need them?” 
“Well, Grandma’s a little sick right now, so she sent me on this quest to get the Pretties for her. She said that if I did, a super awesome magical spell would happen, and she’ll be able to come home!”
“Woah,” she breathed again.
“I know! Isn’t it cool?”
“That’s so cool,” she said. “Can I help?”
“Oh, um,” the little knight was taken back. “I-I don’t know…”
“Huh?”
“I mean, are you also a knight?” he asked.
She shook her head.
“What about a squire? Are you a squire?”
She shook her head again.
“Then, are you a wizard?”
She considered this option a little longer, but ultimately shook her head. 
The little knight winced, but said, “Um, I’m sorry. I-I don’t know if you’re allowed to help. Grandma says only knights and squires and wizards can go on quests. It’s too dangerous for anyone else.”
The girl’s face fell, her lips quivering. “B-But that’s not fair. I wanna help.” 
A small bout of silence set in. He didn’t know what to say. He was about to apologize again when she perked up. “Oh, my mommy calls me a princess all the time! Can princesses go on quests?”
The little knight’s eyes widened. Now that was unexpected. “You’re a princess?” he asked her.
“Yup!” she nodded. 
He looked her up and down. “Well, you do look like a princess.”
“Mhm!”
“Okay,” he decided. “You can help me. Princesses can go on quests.”
“Awesome!” the newly dubbed princess cheered. “So, what should we do first?”
“Well first, we should introduce ourselves. Grandma says it’s shivally.”
“Right. Shivally, got it!”
He took the initiative and stood up to bow just like the knight in his books. Both arms by his sides and with his body bent slightly forward. The knights in his books also got down on one knee with their swords pointed to the ground, but he didn’t have a sword, so he didn’t kneel either. 
“My name’s Chris, and I’m on a knight. It’s nice to meet you,” he said. 
The princess got up as well and curtsied, tugging at her fluffy sweater. “Well, I’m a princess, and it’s nice to meet you too. Oh, and you already know my name.”
He blinked at her. “I do?”
“Mhm!”
“I-I don’t remember—”
She pointed to his backpack, giggling. “I’m right here, silly!”
Chris looked down. “Your name’s Roger?”
“What?”
“My backpack. His name’s—”
“No, no. I meant inside your backpack. The Pretties!”
“You’re the Pretties?”
She nodded.
Chris let out a little gasp as the puzzle pieces clicked into place. It all made sense now. How pretty her eyes were, how they almost seemed to change color in the sunlight. How she was just as pretty as Paige Ellen (and nobody was as pretty as Paige Ellen). Grandma had told him this story once; he couldn’t believe he only now remembered it.
He pointed a finger at her. “You’re a shape-shifting princess, aren’t you?”
She tilted her head. “Um, no.”
“Oh,” he said.
The decidedly not shape-shifting princess laughed. “You’re really silly for a knight.”
“Am not,” he pouted.
“Am too!”
“Am not!”
“If you’re not a silly head, then how come you don’t know my name?”
Chris hesitated, stumped at her retort. “But…”
“Hah! Gotcha!”
He crossed his arms and huffed. “Well, what is it then?”
“You really don’t know?” she asked.
“Know what?”
“The Pretties, Mommy says I’m named after them.”
He looked up into a pair of big green eyes.
“Silly Chris,” she giggled. “My name’s Sakurai.”
	
	




NINE
Washington D.C. was a lot different than I remembered it.
Everything seemed smaller. 
Or maybe I was just taller.
The last time I was here was close to eight something years ago. My memories from back then were pretty hazy, but I could never forget the train station. Its grand ceiling arced above us, reminiscent of old Classical architecture. A polished staircase spiraled down to the first floor. And the smell as we stepped onto the streets for the first time: the hot dog stands, the falafel trucks, reminded me that I forgot to have lunch.
Kai called for a taxi. A yellow cab pulled up a few minutes later.
“I live in the suburbs,” she said as we drove down the streets. With one arm draped over the car door window and the setting sun in her hair, she kind of looked like a movie.
“Only kind of?” she laughed.
“What?” I said. 
“You said I only kind of looked like a movie.”
“No, I didn’t.”
“Uh huh. Okay.”
My cheeks grew warm, and I looked away. “So um, your house,” I coughed to change the topic. “Why are we going there again?”
“For the sunsets,” she said.
“Right, I know. But, can’t we watch the sunsets—oh, I don’t know, anywhere?”
Kai placed a hand over her chest and huffed. She looked perfectly affronted. “Are you saying you don’t wanna go to my house?”
“Well,” I said.
“So you do wanna go to my house!”
I sighed. “Okay, fine.”
We burned rubber out of the city and into the suburbs, where lazy fields of grass laid shimmering in blankets of gold and green, and the sprawling, jagged towers of D.C. turned into nothing more than dark cardboard cutouts against the sky. The horizon burned a hot orange red in the distance. The clouds were twisted with wisps of pink. Before I knew it, we’d made an arcing turn into a quiet little neighborhood that sat right on the outskirts of a great canal. Kai paid the driver and got out. I quickly followed.
“So,” I said, as we stepped onto the driveway of what was hopefully her house. A cozy little two story with a huge balcony. I looked it up and down.
“So,” she mimed.
“You have a nice house.”
Kai chuckled. “My parents have a nice house.”
She spun on her heels and pulled me along. “Now, come on. They wanna meet you.”
“Should I be worried?” I asked.
“Only if you want to date me.”
I decided to ignore that comment. We walked up to the front door, where a little fuzzy doormat introduced her house. It was worn and dark gray and read: Prepurr for Cats! 
I turned to Kai. “Cats,” I said.
“Cats,” she said.
“Okay.”
She rang the doorbell. Moments later, it wasn’t a cat that answered. 
The little boy behind the door looked no more than ten. Hazel locks of hair fell in front of his eyes and swept to the side like bangs. His hands were stained an assortment of crayon marks. He beamed when he saw us, a toothy smile that showed off his canines, and threw himself at Kai’s legs with an exuberant cry of, “Nee-chan!”
I stared at them. Nee-chan?
Kai scooped him up with a laugh. She cradled him in her arms and brushed away a few strands of hair from his eyes, only for the wind to mess them up again. “Hey, Haru-chan! How was your day?” she asked. 
“It was good,” Haru showed two rainbow colored thumbs-ups. “We watched TV in Mrs. Skyler’s class.”
“Really?” Kai gasped. 
“Yup!”
“Did you like it?”
“Yup!”
Kai ruffled his hair with another laugh. “That’s awesome.”
Then Haru’s eyes landed on me, and he blinked, as if he was noticing me for the very first time. I didn’t know what to do or say, so I blinked back and gave him a little smile. Unlike Kai’s eyes, his were brown—a true mahogany color that reminded me of tree bark. 
I cleared my throat, and said, “Yo.” 
Haru blinked again. He turned around in Kai’s arms, who was watching the entire thing with a small smile, and tugged on her shirt. “Nee-chan?” he said.
“Hm?” Kai readjusted him in her arms.
“Is this your boyfriend?”
I felt my cheeks flame up. “Uh, no—”
Kai laughed, poking Haru on the cheek. “He wishes. No, Haru-chan. This is my friend, Chris. Say: hi Chris.”
“Hi Chris,” Haru said.
“Hi,” I said.
Haru’s eyes swiveled back to me again. He looked me up and down, as if he was sizing me up. From Kai’s arms, he was almost to my cheek. I stood a little taller. Finally, he turned back to Kai and delivered his verdict. “He looks weird,” he said.
“Oh yeah?” Kai stifled a laugh.
“Yeah.”
“How so?”
“He has a big head.”
“Well,” she hid her smile behind his hair. “You’re not wrong.”
I didn’t know how to feel about that. Before I could defend myself, however, a voice called out from inside the house. “Haru-chan? Baby, who’s there?”
“It’s me, Mama!” Kai hollered back. “I brought a friend! Can we come in?”
“Of course, come in! We’re in the kitchen!”
Kai kicked off her shoes at the door and walked in. I placed mine down and followed her.	
The inside of her house looked like something from the 1950’s—like the perfect American home with its beige walls, hard wood flooring, and vases filled with flowers. It was a far cry from my dingy little apartment. Square frames of family photos hung along the hallway, and as we got closer and closer to the humming of an oven, my stomach began to rumble. We stopped by the stairs, where Kai set Haru down. 
“Okay, Haru-chan. Off you get,” she said. “Go play with Mimi or something.”
“Okay!” he gave her another hug, then scampered up the stairs, disappearing in a heartbeat.
We foraged deeper into the house. As promised, Kai’s parents were in the kitchen. They bustled about, tossing vegetables and sprinkling seasoning into bowls. It smelled wonderful.
“Hey, Mama, Papa,” Kai said.
Kai’s mom perked up. She was small and dark-haired and looked a lot like Kai. A simple white apron hung loosely from her neck. She smiled at us. “Hey, honey! How was your—wait, where are your sunglasses?”
“In my bag,” said Kai. I blinked at the odd question.
“Honey.”
“Yeah?”
Her mom dried off her hands and walked over to us. She cupped Kai’s face, peering closely at her eyes, and moved her head like she was a doctor examining a patient. 
“Mom,” Kai protested through squished cheeks. “Gerroff. I’m fine.”
Her mom scrutinized her for a moment longer, then released her with a sigh. She took a step back and said, “Honey, Jigojitoku. What comes around goes around, you know that. The doctors—”
“I know, Mama. I do wear them. Ask Chris,” Kai said.
Expectant eyes fell on my own. They were the same shade as Haru’s. 
“Um,” I said, because I’d forgotten Kai even had sunglasses. But they were there, all big and blocky and still clipped to her shirt. Kai dipped her head discretely. I cleared my throat and said, “Yeah. Yeah, she does.”
Her mom let out a heavy breath. “Okay, okay. That’s good. So, you’re Chris?”
I stuck out my hand. “I’m Chris.”
“Well, it’s very nice to meet you, Chris.” She smiled and shook my hand.
“It’s nice to meet you too.”
“Peter?” she hollered. “Come meet Kai’s friend.”
“One second!” Kai’s dad called back. He was taking a sizzling tray of something out of the oven. It smelled like fried bread and spice and delicious smoke.
“It’s karaage,” Kai’s mom told me. She took off her apron and folded it into a neat square. “Japanese chicken. Do you want to stay for dinner, Chris?”
I looked at Kai for help. She nodded encouragingly. “Ah, yes please,” I said.
“Great,” Kai’s mom smiled. “It’ll be ready in just a bit.”
“T-Thank you.”
“Of course,” she said. “So, what’s the plan for you kids today?”
“We’re just going to hang out in my room,” Kai said.
“Oh, sounds fun! Movies or something?”
“Mhm.”
Her mom hummed, like she was weighing an idea in her head. “Well, if you guys want, you can each take a plate upstairs. That way, you can watch and eat at the same time.”
“That’d be great. Thanks, Mama,” Kai said.
I nodded along. “Yeah, thank you.”
“Peter, honey? Is the chicken ready yet?”
“Almost!”
Kai’s mom pinched her fingers together and held them but a centimeter apart. She grabbed a pair of chopsticks from the nearby counter with her other hand. “Sorry, kiddos. Give us one second.” 
She hurried off to help.
We lingered around for a couple more minutes, watching them work. Kai hopped onto the counter and pulled out her phone. I stood by and glanced at the small statuettes and carnations that decorated the room. They gave the air an inviting warmth and reminded me of my old home, when Grandma lived with us. Now everything had changed—with a corner kitchen and a smoke detector that never worked. It was different. 
“Sorry about the wait,” Kai’s dad said as he put down a pair of oven mitts. He walked over to shake my mind. I could still feel the heat behind his fingers. “How’re you doing, Chris? I’m Kai’s dad.”
“Hello,” I said. 
“You’re joining us for dinner, I hope?”
“Yes, please.”
“Awesome. Have you ever had karrage before?”
I shook my head. “No, but it smells really good.”
Kai’s dad laughed, as if I’d said something funny. He clapped me on the shoulder. “Good answer. And don’t worry, you’ll love it. Think of it like Japanese fried chicken.”
“I like fried chicken.”
Kai’s mom interrupted us with two large plates, filled to the brim with golden brown strips of chicken, sauce, broccoli, and rice. My stomach started up like a lawnmower. 
“Here you are, honey.” She passed a plate to me. I took it with both hands and thumbed a pair of chopsticks to the bottom. “Do you know how to use chopsticks?” she asked. 
“Well, I—thank you. Not really, but I’ll learn,” I said. 
“Don’t worry,” she smiled. “Kai’s got you.”
Kai hopped off the counter and grabbed her own plate. She gave her mom a kiss on the cheek and said, “Thanks, Mama, Papa. We’re gonna head up now. Come on, Chris.”
I followed her out the kitchen and back to the stairs.
“Have fun!” her mom called out after us. “And can you get—”
“We’ll get him!” Kai hollered back.
We made our way up the stairs, where several more wooden frames lined the walls. They weren’t pictures, I noticed, but drawings this time. I admired them as we walked. They were done in pencil, shaded in with hues of monochrome. That didn’t make them any less pretty. There was a sunset. A cityscape. A cherry tree.
Kai knocked on the first door to the right. “Haru-chan! It’s dinner time,” she called. 
“Okay!”
The door was thrown open as a bright blur scampered out. He gave a tackling hug to Kai’s legs, causing her to fumble for her plate, and disappeared down the stairs faster than I could blink. He didn’t seem to have noticed me. Kai grinned fondly—and then, a dark shape glided out from his room. 
It was a cat. A black cat. I watched it paw away, melting in and out of the shadows cast by the receding sun. It slunk between our legs and down the stairs without a single glance back. 
I turned to Kai. “Cats,” I said.
“Cat,” she said.
“Huh?”
“Her name’s Mimi. Now, come on. I wanna show you my room.”
She led me a little further way in, until we reached the end of the hall where a single door stood tall. A wooden plaque was tacked on at waist level. It read: Princesses Only, in scraggly rainbow letters that were written a long time ago. For a moment, it occurred to me that this would be my first time in a girl’s room. I pushed down the heat welling in my cheeks and  followed her inside. I ignored all the innuendos in my mind.  
“Um,” her voice was suddenly small. “Welcome, I guess.”
It took a second to realize she was teasing me.
“Ha ha,” I said.
I looked around.
If my room was the room of a shut-in who sat in front of his computer all day, then Kai’s was the exact opposite. Though it was way bigger than mine, it filled itself with light. The sun washed through the open door that lead to the balcony and soaked into her bedsheets, splintering rays of gold through the cracks in her curtains. A massive queen-sized bed dominated the center of the room. Portrait-sized artworks decorated the walls, taking up every nook and cranny. Some of them were framed, and some of them were raw, as if they’d just been drawn recently. They boasted of colorful scenes, sometimes fantastic, sometimes realistic. But what really caught my eye were two massive jars.
I took a closer look. Tucked neatly away on top of a bookshelf, they seemed to glow with the same warmth as the rest of the room. They were as tall as my torso, and while one was empty, the other was filled to the brim with cherry blossoms, pressed and preserved to perfection. There must’ve been close to a thousand. 
“Cherry blossoms?” I asked her.
She nodded. “I like collecting them.”
“Huh.” I gestured at the walls. “And the art? Do you collect art too?”
“Mm, no. Not as much.”
I looked around at the hundreds of frames that she kept. 
“Right,” I said.
Kai let out a little laugh. “I didn’t collect those, dummy. Those are mine.”
“Yours?” I said. 
“Yeah. I drew them.” She took a frame off the wall and handed it to me. “See?”
She pointed to a corner of the drawing, where a tiny signature was penciled in like dots on graph paper. I had to squint to make it out. “Katagiri,” I read. “Oh, wow.”
“Mhm,” she looked pleased. 
I studied the piece in my hand, marveling at how real she made fantasy look. A slouching boy stared back. His expression was lazy, as if he’d gotten bored of posing for the artist; his hand rested on the pommel of his sword. Next to him was a girl, laughing at the butterfly that’d landed on her fingertip. Her hood was down; a bow was strapped to her back. And though it was a simple black and white drawing, I was sure I’d seen it before somewhere.
“Huh,” I said, as my lungs fluttered in my chest. 
Kai smiled. “What?”
“No, it’s nothing.” I shook my head. “I just didn’t peg you for an artist.”
“Really?”
“Yeah.”
“What, did you think I was a writer like you?”
I blinked. “You mean you’re not?”
“Nope,” she said. “Never wrote a thing in my life.”
There was a single moment where I thought this might’ve been another one of her jokes, and she was going to laugh and slap at her knee and say, “Just kidding!” Because, well, she had to be. She’d lectured me on how to be a better writer. But as seconds ticked by, and her features remained incredibly stoic, I felt my jaw drop.
I pointed a finger at her. “But, the other day—” 
“Hey, you needed the help,” she said. 
“But you don’t even write!”
“So?”
“So, there should be a precedent to this kind of stuff! I mean, you need to be a writer if you’re gonna tell me how to write. Actually,” I shook my head. “How are you not a writer? Don’t you read a lot? How do you read a lot and not write?”
“How do you not read a lot and write?” she countered.
“Touché.”
Kai smiled at the particular exchange. Her lips twitched, and she confessed, “You know, I’ve never been great with words. Not like you. Don’t get me wrong. I love reading, but writing—oh boy, that’s a field I’d rather not touch. Instead,” she took her drawing back and tapped it for me to see. “I draw.”
“Oh,” was all I said. 
She laughed again.
“Um, is there a reason you don’t like writing?” I asked.
She thought about it for a moment. Her teeth poked out and chewed on her bottom lip. “Kind of,” she said. “Remember Armin Urbutr’s book convention? When we talked about the different endings?”
“Better than I want to,” I said. 
“Well, the thing is, I don’t like endings.”
“You—what?”
“Well, I don’t like writing endings.”
I shook my head, trying to make sense of it. “Wait. So, you don’t like writing because you don’t like writing endings?”
“Pretty much.”
“But weren’t you the one who lectured me on writing endings?”
“Yup.”
“But you—I mean,” I struggled to articulate my disbelief. “Isn’t that a little hypocritical?”
“Nope,” she said,
“Huh?”
“No you.”
“Did you just ‘no you’ me?”
“No, you,” she said. 
I covered my eyes and sighed. Arguing with her was like trying to wrestle open a pickle jar. It never got anywhere. Kai chuckled and took a bite of her food. 
She plopped down on her bed and patted the space next to her, and then again when I didn’t move the first time. I sat down at a safe distance, not wanting to overstep my boundaries. I watched as she picked up another piece of chicken and did the same. The chopsticks felt unnatural in my hands. The food, however, more than made up for any inconveniences. 
“How is it?” she asked.
“It’s great. Thanks,” I said. 
Kai smiled and picked up a stalk of broccoli. 
“So why don’t you like endings?” I asked her, trying a piece of greens for myself. Steamed and crunchy, it was seasoned with salt, pepper, and just a touch of lemon juice. It was delicious. 
“I guess it’s because they end,” she said.
“Well, yeah,” I said. 
“No, I mean, think about it,” she said. She put down her plate and picked up her drawing again. “All stories end. Books end. Movies end. TV shows end. They can be happy, or sad, or anything in between, but the point is they end. But you know, drawings don’t. And that’s why I draw. Here, take a look at this.”
She showed me the frame in her hand. “Recognize anything?”
I set my own plate down and leaned a little closer. My eyes made one pass over the duo in the picture, then once again when I wasn’t sure what I was supposed to be looking for. They looked familiar, I knew that—so much so I felt that odd fluttering in my chest. But I had no idea what she was getting at until a small puzzle piece in the furthest corner of my mind clicked into place. 
My breath hitched. “Wait. Is that—”
“Yup.”
“That’s Zero.”
Kai grinned.
I looked up at her. “Kai, why do you have—”
“It’s my thing,” she said. “I draw covers for books and movies and whatever I can get my hands on. Look around. I’m sure there’s a couple more you’ll recognize.”
Suddenly, the familiar works of art made a lot more sense. Fantastic dragons and warring kingdoms came to mind as more and more puzzle pieces fell into place. Sometimes sketched and sometimes colored, they scattered about her room like a great collage. Like the ultimate crossover of fantasy. 
“W-Wow,” I said.
 “Mhm.”
“They’re very good.”
“Of course they are,” she smiled. “I drew them.”
I rolled my eyes. Kai let out a small laugh. She got up from the bed and fitted her piece back onto the wall, so that the corners of the frame met their surrounding borders. I watched as she ran a finger over her other works. Her touch was so gentle, so light, it was like she was petting a sleeping kitten, or brushing locks of hair out of Haru’s eyes.  
“Art’s so cool, dude,” she said. “Like, there’s no definite ending. It’s up to your own interpretation. Take a book cover, for example. The story inside always ends, but the art stays forever. That’s why people judge a book by its cover; it’s the thing that sticks with them the most. You can read a book and forget what happens, but you’ll never forget what it looks like. It’s one big what-if, you know?”
“No,” I said.
“It’s symbolism,” she said. “I like symbolism.”
“Um, okay.”
She smiled. “What, got something to say?”
I tilted my head. Curved green eyes stared back, as if she was challenging me to make an argument. But what she had said was so unimaginably pretentious, I wasn’t even sure how to begin. She would make a great English teacher.
“Yeah,” I said at last. “You are so weird.”
Her smile widened. “You’re not wrong.”
She took the last bite of her food as a fiery ribbon of light arced across her room. It snaked over our finished plates of chicken, casting slippery shadows on the walls. Outside, the horizon was no longer bathed with golden light. It was now a swirl of reds and oranges, violets and pinks. Kai looked to her balcony; her eyes lit up. 
“It’s almost time,” she said. “Come on!”
I followed her outside and onto the patio, surrounded by rusty green-brown railings. She stopped before the edge and turned around, grinning. The wind lifted her hair and licked at her cheeks. The sun splintered into god rays and bleached her flyaways. She winked, and I could only watch, wide-eyed, as she swung a leg over the railing and straddled it like a horse. 
My stomach rolled. “Um, Kai?” I said.
“Yeah?” she said. 
“Is that—is that safe?”
“Probably not.”
We must’ve been at least eight feet up—eight feet down if I was in her situation, and there wasn’t a single thing to cushion our fall. There was only air, and wind, and sun, and the inevitable impact of hard, unforgiving ground. The lump in my throat hardened. Kai looked at me expectantly.
“Oh no,” I shook my head. “No, no, no.”
“Yes,” she said.
“No.”
“Come on,” she clapped her hands together. “Please? It’ll look even better from here, I promise. There’s wind, and sun, and—”
“A chance of breaking my spine. Yeah, no thanks,” I said.
“Haru-chan did it.”
“So?”
“He’s nine.”
I sighed. When she put it like that…
I swung a tentative leg over the railing and hoisted myself up. My fingers were wound like locks; even my toes were curled. It was a lot harder than she’d made it look, and there was a terrifying moment when I thought I leaned too far. Kai grabbed me before I could freak out. She must’ve thought I looked ridiculous.
“You should’ve seen your face!” she laughed.
My heart pounded wildly in my chest. “I almost died!”
“Oh, you’re such a big baby.”
“I could’ve broken my neck!”
“Exactly.”
I was about to say something back when she gasped, pointing her finger out past me. “Look!”
In the distance, the sun was setting. A fiery disk of light, it balanced on the edge of the horizon and sunk slowly into the Earth, scattering limbs of tangy amber across the wind and the rows of rooftops below. The nearest clouds swirled with wisps of pink. The farthest sky was warped by hues of reds and violets. 
Straddling the balcony’s edge, I realized I could see just about everything. From the quiet neighborhood, to a massive, shimmering canal that cut through the land, to the jagged skyline of the darkened city, there wasn’t a single stretch of land that was too far away. There wasn’t a single stretch of land that wasn’t drenched with sunset. 
A gentle breeze ruffled my hair. It was then that I remembered to breathe.
“Wow,” I said. 
“Pretty, isn’t it?” she said.
I nodded.
We said nothing as the show unfolded before our eyes, and the sky changed colors from the lightest shade of pink to the color of cherry blossoms on a bright spring day. Little by little, the sun melted into the horizon until finally, it was out of sight.
“Wow,” I said again. “That was—that was amazing.”
Beside me, Kai rubbed at her eyes.
“Kai?” I said. 
Kai swayed liltingly, alarmingly, so much so I had to reach out a hand to steady her. With her hands pressed to her temples, she looked like she was suffering a sudden migraine. Like she was a swaying house of cards. 
“Hey, woah.” I held her arm in place. “Are you okay?”
Kai turned away. “Yeah, I’m fine. Sorry, just—ow, Jesus. Give me a second.”
I sat there, unsure of what to do. 
“Can you help me down really fast?” she asked.
“Oh, yeah. Of course,” I said. 
I got off the railing and helped her down. We stumbled back into her room, and I escorted her to a chair while I took my old spot on her bed. I fiddled with my fingers as Kai massaged her eyelids, taking several deep breaths. I could only guess what’d happened.
“Sorry,” she said, when a lone limb of twilight swept across her bedsheets. Without the setting sun, her room looked almost gray. She looked up and blinked a few times. “My eyes are sensitive to light.”
“Ah,” I said. 
“Don’t worry,” she waved her hands, like this was something that happened a lot. “It’ll pass in a bit. In the meantime, what’d you think?”
“I thought it was really cool,” I said honestly.
“Yeah?”
“Yeah.”
Kai smiled. “Cool.”
A sudden question came to me. “Hey, what’s with you and sunsets anyway?”
“What like, why do I like them?” she asked.
“Mhm.”
“Well, I’m glad you asked. It’s,” she paused for effect, “a secret!”
I shook my head. “Of course it is.”
Her smiled widened. Privately, I thought it was kind of unfair that she got to keep her secrets when she knew one of mine. “Okay, a deal’s a deal. Now that you’ve seen a sunset, you have to read one of Armin Urbutr’s books,” she said.
“Oh, right,” I said. 
“Jeez, it’s not a punishment.”
“Uh huh.”
“I promise you’ll like it.”
“Okay.”
“Seriously, I pinky promise. Everyone knows you can’t break a pinky promise.”
I raised an eyebrow. “What are you, eight?”
“You don’t have to be eight to make a pinky promise.”
“Right.”
“It’s true!”
I rolled my eyes. “Okay, okay. Fine. I’ll read the damn book.”
Kai grinned, clasping her hands together. “You’ll love it, dude. I promise. It’ll change your life. And if you think you know books now, just wait until you’re done.”
“Un huh,” I said again.
Kai tilted her head for a moment, then held out her little finger. “Here. Pinky promise me you’ll read it.”
I stared at her. “What, seriously?”
“Super serious,” she said. 
“Can’t I just, I don’t know, swear on my life or something?”
“That’s not worth that much.”
“Okay, ouch. I felt that one.”
Kai stared back expectantly.
“Okay, fine,” I said, giving in. I was sure my cheeks were red. Her pinky curled around mine, and I let my thumb meet hers. “Just don’t tell Matt, okay?” I asked.
“Mm!”
And that was that. 
TEN
I’d forgotten what it was like to read.
The way my stomach lurched when Sora realized his plight, of the gods and monsters that stood in his path. The way my heart raced when he kissed Anna underneath their willow tree—desperately, like everything would be okay. And the way my chest twisted when he sacrificed himself, all to ensure that one day, a little girl would smile with his eyes and her hair.
I’d forgotten it all. And it felt weird. To hold Wax in my hands, thumbs pressing the pages down while my fingers supported the spine. It felt weird without Grandma; it hurt. 
It’d never hurt before. 
The books I was used to never made my chest ache. They never made my lungs struggle for air. They never tugged at me in a way that love, and loss, and other named emotions couldn’t. That’s what I felt this time: an inexplicable, nameless feeling.
A gaping hole in my heart. 
Afterwards, I tossed and turned in my bed, trying to fall asleep to the sound of my own heartbeat. It was painfully loud. The void in my chest demanded an answer, so I got up, and I picked up The Dream Catchers. I thought that maybe, if I read something else, it would help. It didn’t.
In the end, I passed out at dawn. 
The next morning was absolutely miserable. I woke up at the first ray of sunlight that slipped through my windows. My throat hurt; my lips were parched; my temples flared with the beginnings of a headache. But that wasn’t even the worst part. The worst part was the canyon in my chest that was still there, suffocating my every breath. 
I stumbled into the shower, got food, and even went for a run to get my mind off it. But no matter what I tried, I couldn’t stop thinking about Sora and his stupid wax seal. Finally, I couldn’t take it anymore.
I picked up my phone.
	Kai…
She responded not a minute later.
	Come over.
I didn’t question it; I got up and left. I caught the 10:30 train and boarded just as the doors hissed shut. The cart was mostly empty, save for a few families on their daytrips to the city. I found a seat toward the back and peered out the window.
Outside, the world blurred. The gray of concrete changed into the green of rolling hills, and I watched, transfixed, as familiar landmarks rolled by. George Washington Bridge. A wide-open field. The shimmering of a distant city. The crevasse in my chest only widened as the air  bottled up in my throat.  
Still, the train rumbled on steadily. I pulled out my notebook and flipped to a new page. My breath came back to me, mouthful by mouthful, and expanded my lungs until they touched my ribs. The hole in my heart was so sore it ached. It demanded to be recognized, so I wrote. 
What is this feeling? 
Is it loss? Post-story depression? Does it even have a name?
I don’t get it; it hurts. It hurts so much. But, I don’t regret it. It’s like something tugging at my chest. Through my ribs and at my heart. A void that needs to be filled by… something. 
Can books really do this? 
Sora and Anna and everyone else—is this what Kai meant when she said I wouldn’t understand? Is it because I got too attached, and they were ripped away? Is it because the story ended all too fast and all too soon? All I wanted was a happy ending; they deserved a happy ending. Instead, I got this.
I’ve never felt this way before.
But, I want to.
I took a taxi to Kai’s house. The driver, an older woman with a kind smile and a pack full of gum, tried to make small talk on the way there. It was miserable. She asked about my day, where I went to school, why I came to D.C., and a bunch more questions that made me want to curl up and die inside. I didn’t want to talk, nor did I want gum. I just wanted to stew in my head, and write in my notebook, and not think about the things I didn’t want to think about. Thankfully, she got the hint after a few murmured answers. 
We pulled into Kai’s driveway after a while more of silence. I made sure to leave a big tip. As the car drove off, my phone buzzed.  
	Door’s open.
I followed the stone path up to her front door. I wondered if she saw the taxi. 
When I walked in, Haru was waiting for me. He sat on the living room couch with half a sandwich in one hand and a glass of milk in another. Strange animated cartoons blared from the TV. Mimi the cat was curled up in his lap. 
“Mr. Big Head!” he beamed and waved at me. Jelly and peanut butter was smeared across his lips. He took a sip of his milk. 
“Hey,” I said. “Do you know where Kai is?”
“Mm! She’s upstairs.”
I gave him a small smile. “Thanks, Haru.”
“Bye-bye, Mr. Big Head!”
I headed upstairs and knocked on Kai’s door. She answered a moment later. Dressed in crumpled sweats and a sleep shirt, Kai looked like she’d just woken up. Her hair was frizzy, and a few loose strands were caught in her eyelashes; the dark bags under her eyes resembled my own. She ran a hand through her hair and ruffled it, letting me catch a whiff of strawberries and sleep. I raised an eyebrow. She raised one right back.
When it was apparent I wouldn’t say anything, she opened the door the rest of the way and let me in. I dropped my bag down and sank to the floor by the foot of her bed, not even bothering to find a chair. She sat down beside me.
My head felt heavy. My brain felt hot in my skull.
I closed my eyes and leaned back against the bed’s wooden frame. I was glad she didn’t ask me what I was doing. We fell into a comfortable silence, the only sounds in the room being our mismatched breathing. Sometimes, I timed my breaths to hers. Other times, I breathed every other time she breathed.
“So,” she said, when I’d almost fallen asleep. I cracked one eye open. She was trying hard not to smile. “How was it?”
I took a deep breath. “Well.”
“Yeah?”
“Well, it was…”
“Go on.”
Next to me, Kai’s shoulders were shaking. I shot her a tired glare.
“What?” she said.
I sighed. “I hate you.”
The corner of her lips twitched, and then, a small laugh escaped. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” she said, covering her mouth with her hand. “It’s just, you look so dead. Like a zombie nerd.”
“You don’t look so hot either,” I grumbled. “Besides, this is your fault. You did this.”
“Oh, I did this?” 
“Yeah.”
This time, she didn’t bother hiding her smile. “So, how far did you get?” she asked.
“I finished Wax,” I told her.
“You finished—what?”
“I finished Wax.”
Kai shook her head, disbelief coloring her voice. “But, it’s only been a day.”
“Yeah.”
“You mean you…?” 
I nodded.
“Wow,” she said. “And you think I’m weird.”
I tapped the bedframe with the back of my head and let the sound it made resonate through my skull. The solid thunk was only vaguely satisfying. 
“You know,” I confessed. “I used to stay up at night, reading books and fanfics when everyone else was asleep. I’d forgotten what it was like. But last night, it was different. Last night was…”
“Worth it?” Kai said. 
I managed a nod. She cracked a small smile. “Told you.”
She watched me with those big green eyes, as if she was waiting for me to carry on. She did a lot of that, when she wasn’t cutting me off in her excitement. I grappled with the words in my head and wrestled for a way to enunciate the gaping hole in my chest.  
“How can anything be so—” I clenched my fists. “The wax seal. I mean, why? Sora is so close to reuniting with Anna, so why did he have to die? After all they’ve been through? The war. Their promise. I-It’s not fair! They deserve each other. They deserve a happy ending.”
Kai hummed, smiling. 
I covered my face with both hands. “And this feeling. Like I’m empty and fulfilled at the same time. Like somebody spooned a hole in my heart. It feels like post-story depression, but stronger. Worse. A thousand times worse. I can’t describe it with words.”
“Hm,” she said. 
I stared at her. “You knew this would happen.”
“Maybe.”
“Kai,” I said.
She leaned back and looked at the ceiling. Devoid of scars, it was pale and white. I wondered if Kai had stars in her room when she was younger. I wondered if she ever dreamt about them the same way I did. 
She brought up her fingers to examine them. After a beat of silence, she said, “That’s why Armin Urbutr’s such a great writer, you know? He can bring out this emotion and share it with the world. He says that it’s what writers do. That the best of writers—”
“Can make people feel,” I said.
Kai chuckled, the sound like trickling water. “Exactly. Then you get what I mean now, when I said you wouldn’t understand.”
Her words washed over me, clicking into place. “Yeah. I guess I do,” I said. 
She hummed again.  
My mouth felt dry, like all the talking had sucked the moisture from the very air. I wet my lips. “Did it hurt for you?” I asked, after another small pause. I couldn’t help but wonder if Wax had affected her the same way it’d affected me. “I mean, not hurt I guess. But, you know…”
“Kind of. But like you said, it didn’t exactly hurt,” she said.
“How did you deal with it?” I asked. 
She glanced at the art on her walls. “How do you think?”
The answer came to me with a breath of fresh air. “You drew. So, for me…”
“Mhm. You need to write.”
Her words were simple, and not at all complex like the compressions in my chest. It ached like a sore muscle whenever I thought about Sora. It panged like a sharp pinch whenever I thought about his death. But still, what she said lingered in my head like the memory of a dream I could never recall. Until now.
“Hey, let’s write a book,” she said, out of the blue.
“Huh?” I said.
“Let’s write a book.”
“A book.”
“Mm. You and me. Well,” she smiled. “Mostly you.” 
“Um,” I said, because this time she had to be joking.
“Come on. Hear me out.”
“Kai, we’re talking about a book.”
“Yes.”
“A book.”
“And this is a bed.” She rapped her knuckles against wood.
“You’re messing with me.”
“I’m not. Think about it; this is perfect.”
“No,” I said, slowly. “This is stupid.”
The look in her eyes was challenging. “How so?”
“Because!” I said, still praying this was one of her jokes. She couldn’t be serious. There was no way. “Kai, this is a book we’re talking about. Not a short story. Not a five-paragraph essay. Not even a vignette. You’re talking about a full-length book.”
“You’ve written longer,” she pointed out.
“Well, yeah but…”
“But what?”
I shook my head. “Kai, no. I’ve never written a book before.”
“So what?”
“So, I have no idea how to start! I don’t even know if I have the time.”
Kai waved her hand dismissively. “You have the time.”
“You don’t know that!” I protested. “I’ve got—”
“What?” She crossed her arms. “What do you have?”
Assignments, I thought. Homework. Taking care of Dad.
“I’ve got… homework,” I said. 
Incredulous eyes locked onto my own for a few seconds, then rolled away. Kai shook her head against the backboard of wood. “Okay. I’m gonna pretend like you didn’t just say that.”
“I’m being serious!” I said. 
“Anyway, this will be good for you. You’re gonna be a writer, aren’t you?”
“That’s—”
“Oh, come on, dude. Please?” She switched tactics, turning to me. She clasped her hands together with big, hopeful eyes. 
I opened my mouth, but she was on a roll.
“And I’ll help too! I’ll help you plan out the plot and the story. You write it, obviously, but I can do the cover art. Every drawing I’ve ever done before has been for something that already exists. I’ve never published an original piece—not once, so this’ll be my first time too.”
“Kai,” I sighed.
She grabbed my hands. “Please. Together, we can make something that can someday, make somebody feel, somehow.”
I fell quiet, recognizing Armin Urbutr’s words.
“Please,” her voice was soft.  
I closed my eyes. This was stupid. There should’ve been absolutely no reason for me to even consider writing a book. There should’ve been no reason at all. But reason wasn’t the pull in my chest that stole my breath away, and reason wasn’t the hole in my heart that demanded to be filled. So despite every instinct in my head screaming for me to say no, I heard myself say, “Okay, fine.”
“Wait,” she blinked. “Really?”
I nodded, and after a beat of silence, sighed, “Yeah, but I hope you have a plan. Writing a book’s isn’t going to be easy, especially not when we have school.”
Kai grinned. “I was hoping you’d ask.”
She pulled out her phone and tapped on the calendar app. The current date expanded onto the screen. “It’s the beginning of March right now, and an average length book is anywhere from sixty thousand to ninety thousand words,” she said. “If we shoot for seventy-five, we can get this done by mid-April.”
“Mid-April?” My eyebrows knitted together in disbelief. I did the math in my head. “That’s only a month and a half away.”
“Mhm.”
“How can we finish a book in a month and a half?” I asked her. 
“Easily,” she said. “A thousand words a day on weekdays. Four thousand words a day on weekends. In other words, two thousand words a day.”
“Two thousand words—” I stopped myself and looked at her incredulously. When she didn’t flinch, I shook my head. “Dude, do you hear yourself?”
“It’s not that bad,” she said. “It’s really not. I’ve seen you write more before. Zero had more than twenty-thousand, and you finished it in one week.”
“But, that’s different! I was motivated back then. There was—I had a…”
“A feeling?”
My voice failed me, and she held my gaze. “You had a feeling to drive you, didn’t you? An inspiration. Well now, you have one again. It’s the hole in your chest, the same one you can’t describe. The one that makes you want to curl up in your bed and cry. What better inspiration is there than that?”
“Kai,” I said. The way she spoke told me the truth; she knew exactly how I felt.
“Please,” she said. “You won’t forget this feeling, right?”
I shook my head.
“Exactly. So, as a writer, don’t you want to share it?”
My eyes flickered to hers. She peered back with perfectly round pearls. Once again, despite the mountain of reasons that stood in my way, I found myself clambering right over, courtesy of the fissure that cracked open my chest. The answer came to me with a heavy breath.
“Okay,” I said, suddenly exhausted. 
“Okay?” 
“Okay.”
She smiled. “Just like that?”
“Just like that.”
“And here I thought you’d put up more of a fight.”
“So you can bug me about it some more? No thanks.”
Her lips quirked into a pout. I managed a slight chuckle. “This better be some book though,” I said. 
“Oh it will be,” she nodded. “It will be. We’ll make something unforgettable. And when people see my cover and read your book, we’ll make them feel. For sure.”
She stuck out her pinky in the time-honored tradition of all little kids. I quirked my lips at the familiar scene. “Seriously?” I said.
“Seriously,” she said. 
“Fine. Just don’t tell Matt.”
Kai laughed, and I wrapped my pinky around hers. My cheeks were pink, but it was a welcome warmth. She touched her thumb to mine and beamed, “To something unforgettable.”
“To something unforgettable.”
	

ELEVEN
“Over here!”
Big green eyes glittered under the sun as Sakurai bounced up and down, pointing to a cherry tree about to bloom. In the afternoon breeze, a wealth of petals shivered in anticipation. Chris grinned at the prospect of more Pretties. “I’m coming!” he cried. 
He stashed away his latest bounty and rushed over. 
“Hurry, hurry!” Sakurai beckoned for him.
His eyes widened when he saw the same thing she saw. A thousand pink flowers balanced on the tips of its tree’s scraggly branches. A thousand more bloomed in wait. In a matter of seconds, the incoming wind would set them free. He reached her side just as the first Pretty fell.
“Now!”
The two of them jumped, hands outstretched towards the sky. A bed of Pretties shook free to meet them, and they were rewarded for their efforts. Eager hands grabbed at the air, filling the park with the sound of giggles. 
“I got five!” he cried.
“I got six!” she cried.
“Really?”
“Mm!”
He laughed in delight. “Awesome, we have eleven Pretties!”
Sakurai skipped over to where he was, a bundle of pink in her arms. She deposited them into the little patch of green he’d cleared with his hands, so that the ground looked like one big donut. He watched her admire her handiwork. She looked exceptionally princess-like today, he thought. The bow in her hair made sure of that.
Chris tore his gaze from her and refocused on the Pretties. Although privately, he thought she was much, much prettier. He hummed and ran a hand through their loot.
Sakurai turned to him. “What’s up?” she asked.
“So, how many does this make?” he asked.
“Count,” she said.
Chris counted on his fingers. “Um, I think this is seventy-two.”
“Seventy-two?”
“Seventy-two.”
“So, we had sixty-one before?”
He frowned. “No, we had fifty-seven.”
Sakurai giggled and shook her head. She held up six fingers, then eight. “Silly Chris. That’s not how you add. Fifty-seven plus eleven is sixty-eight.”
“Oh.”
She poked his left cheek, teasingly. “I didn’t know knights were bad at math.”
“Hey!” he pouted and crossed his arms. “W-Well, knights don’t need to know math. We need to know other things… like sword-fighting! And we need to know horseback riding, and jousting, and a bunch of other cool stuff. Math is dumb.”
Sakurai giggled again. “Well, math helped you count the Pretties.”
He flushed. “No, that was you.”
They started putting their Pretties away—one by one, carefully, until a layer of freshly fallen petals had taken their place. When they were done, Roger was more than half full. He sat back down in the grass and took a breather. Sakurai took a moment to examine them. She placed one in her palm and held it up against the sun. 
“Why do you call them Pretties?” she wondered.
“Because they’re pretty,” he said.
“They’re pink too.”
“Pinky doesn’t sound right though.”
She thought about it for a second. “Huh. Yeah, you’re right.”
He nodded and zipped up Roger. There was still more to do, so he pushed himself to his feet and pointed at another cherry tree. “Come on. We still have a quest to finish. Let’s go over there,” he said. 
Big green eyes followed his finger. “That one?” she asked.
“Mhm.”
She got up and followed him. They matched stride for stride as the sea of pink parted for them like enemies before a knight; he pretended he was wading through the waves, slashing and hacking with his longsword. Sakurai did a little twirl and skipped on ahead.
“So, do you nickname all your stuff?” she asked.
She was playing a game with herself, hopping on tiny islands of green in an ocean of pink. He traced her steps, dodging fire and brimstone from dragons and demons alike.
“What do you mean?” he asked. 
“Well, you have Roger and the Pretties. Anything else?”
He shook his head. “I only nickname important stuff, so I don’t forget.”
Her lips parted into a little circle. “That sounds like something a knight would say.”
He grinned. “It totally does!”
They reached their destination and set up camp. Chris slid Roger off his arm and onto the ground, careful not to crush any of the precious Pretties inside. He unzipped the backpack just in case, and when none seemed particularly ruffled, closed it with a satisfied smile. Grandma deserved the best; he wouldn’t deliver anything less. 
“Ready?” he asked over his shoulder.
Nobody answered. 
Chris turned around, confused by the sudden silence. That was when he realized she was gone. The spot Sakurai had once occupied was now filled by nothing but Pretties and the wind, and when he peered a little closer, he could see the slight indents of footprints in the grass. His eyes widened; there could only be one explanation for this: she was an invisible turning princess.
“So cute!” a voice cried.
Chris whirled around, fully ready to see nothing but the shimmering of magic in the air. Instead, he saw Sakurai chasing a cat across the lawn. He blinked. Oh.
“Um, what are you doing?” he called out.
Sakurai paused to look at him. “I’m chasing a kitty,” she said. 
He marched over, shaking his head. “No, no, no. That’s not a kitty.”
“It’s not?” she asked.
“Nope.”
“But—”
“That’s a dangerous war lion.”
“But it’s so cute!” 
Chris shook his head again. “War lions can hide their true forms, you know.”
Her eyes widened. “Oh.”
“Mhm. And they’re really scary when they attack.”
“Like, how scary?”
“Like, going downstairs at night scary.”
“Woah,” she said. “That is pretty scary.” 
He nodded and tugged at her arm. “Come on. Let’s get back to our quest.”
She fell in step next to him as they started walking, only sparing a few glances back. The war lion had stopped and was licking its paw. It was trying to act innocent. “Okay, but um, what if it does attack? What do we do?” she asked.
Chris considered the possibility, then said, “Well, my knight training didn’t include war lion fighting, but I think I should do okay. It looks like it’s only a baby. Some war lions can grow taller than mountains, you know.”
“Woah,” she breathed again.
He led her back to their tree. Halfway there, Sakurai grinned when she saw Roger, propped up beneath the shade, and immediately took off. He was given nothing, not even a warning, before she jetted off with a cry of, “Race you there!”
“Hey, wait—that’s not fair!” 
He touched their tree a few seconds after her.
When he arrived, Sakurai had already unzipped Roger and was peering inside. Chris watched her while he bent over his knees, trying to catch his breath again. She scooped up a handful of Pretties and let them fall through her fingers. He wondered how she wasn’t tired. The only indication she had sprinted the distance was the rosy tint to her cheeks. In the end, he chalked it up to her being strange for a princess. 
“Uh oh,” Sakurai said, tapping his arm. 
He looked up. “What is it?” he asked.
“Roger’s more than half full,” she said.
“I know.”
She tilted her head. “How are we going to get the rest? They won’t be able to fit.”
Chris blinked as the realization set in. “Oh,” he said.
“How much more do we need?” she asked him.
He thought about it for a moment, trying to do the math in his head. “Well, Grandma told me I needed 143 a day for seven days, and 142 on the last day. That makes exactly one thousand. So, that’s…”
“Seventy-five?” she prompted, when he struggled to give an answer.
“Seventy-five,” he said.
Sakurai took another peek inside Roger. A small frown weighed on her lips.
“Uh oh,” she said again.
“We’ll figure it out,” he told her, after thinking about the problem himself. If worse came to worse, he could just carry the Pretties home in his arms. Carefully, of course. “Knights can figure out any problem.”
“Except math,” she looked up, smiling.
“Hey!”
When she laughed, he could do nothing but pout. 
They bounced from tree to tree, collecting Pretties and trading stories until the sun began to set. Like Sakurai predicted, Roger filled up little by little until it was bursting at the seams with pink. Unfortunately, he still needed thirty more Pretties. Chris couldn’t think of anywhere else to put them, so he started using his pockets. (Very, very carefully, of course) And when the first arcs of sunlight turned orange and red, he turned to Sakurai, beaming. 
“I think that’s it for today,” he said. He patted the last Pretty in his pocket and was just about to thank her for helping when she started tapping at his arm. He blinked and glanced up. Sakurai had turned around, her back facing him. She was pointing at something in the distance. 
“Look!” she cried. 
Chris followed her eyes. A little way away, the Pretty Party had dispersed. Where there used to be a massive crowd of backpacks and cameras now stood only a few scattered people, taking pictures and talking amongst themselves. They milled about in groups of twos and threes, and through their legs, Chris could see the sparkling of the lake. He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to be looking for until Sakurai grabbed his hand and ran for the bridge. 
They peered out over the water together. 
In the wake of the setting sun, the great basin had caught fire. It was as if somebody had taken a paintbrush and colored the entire sky red, leaving only the horizon to stew in swirling shades of gold. The surface of the water reflected this gradient. Tiny slips of pink fluttered in from the tree line, dancing along to invisible ribbons before eventually finding their home among the waves. A flock of birds cast gentle silhouettes from overhead. And the sun, splintered into god rays by wind and trees alike, sunk slowly into the earth. 
“Woah,” he breathed out.
Sakurai turned to him. “Mommy says sunsets are the prettiest things in the world.”
“In the entire world?” Chris gasped. 
“Uh huh,” said Sakurai. 
“Even prettier than unicorns?”
“Mm!”
“Your mommy’s seen a unicorn?”
“Of course! Mommy’s seen everything. She’s super awesome!”
They turned their attention back to the horizon, where even the underside of clouds burned red. The sky closest to them changed colors from orange, to yellow, to a soft violet hue that reached wispy fingers closer and closer to the setting sun. They said nothing as twilight diluted the world. Eventually, Sakurai broke the silence.
“So, when do you have to go?” she asked.  
From the corner of his eye, Chris noticed she was playing with her ponytail. 
“Probably soon,” he answered. “Grandma wants me back before nighttime.”
“Oh,” she looked down.
“But um, I’ll be back tomorrow.” His heart raced when her face fell. He didn’t like the way her eyes dimmed, nor the way she tugged at her hair. When she didn’t respond, he hurriedly continued. “I’ll be back tomorrow, and the next day, and the next day! All the way until the end of the week. And um, if you want, you can help me on my quest again. If you want, that is.” 
He blushed and looked away.
“Really?”
When Chris looked back, Sakurai’s eyes were shining. Big green pearls, brighter than the sunset they just watched, peered hopefully back at him as she clasped her hands together. “Can I really help again?” she asked. 
“O-Of course!” he said.
“Really, really?”
“Really, really!”
“Yes!” She tackled him with a hug, squeezing him so hard his sides hurt. Chris had to stop himself from turning into a steamed tomato. His cheeks burned as she rocked him up and down, throwing curtains of hair in his face. He’d never noticed it before, but she smelled really good—like the sweetness of fresh fruit. But just as suddenly as she hugged him, she was pulling away. 
“Oh, no! The Pretties!” she gasped. 
Chris blinked.
Around him, a handful of Pretties tumbled through the air, falling to the ground at a mesmerizingly slow pace. One look down told him they’d come loose from his beanie and his pockets and his pants. Before he could react, Sakurai was on it. She scooped them into her arms and cradled them like a baby. Thankfully, only a few had fallen.
“Here you go,” she said, handing them over. Her cheeks were rosy, colored the same pink as the Pretties in her hands. Chris was beginning to see why she was named after them. She ducked her head and muttered a bashful, “Sorry.”
“It’s okay,” he smiled.
He tucked a few Pretties back into his pockets and readjusted his beanie. Sakurai cocked her head, as if she was just noticing his situation for the first time.  
“Will you be okay like that?” she asked.
Chris blushed. He was hoping she wouldn’t ask; he didn’t know himself. And how could he? Dappled in pink from head to toe, the Pretties were everywhere. They poked out from beneath his beanie, over the top of his pockets, and in between the folds of his scarf. There even some fitted through the seams of his sleeves. He knew he must’ve looked very unknightlike in the moment, so he coughed and glanced away. 
“Um, yeah. I’ll be fine,” he said. 
“Maybe we can get a bigger backpack next time,” she suggested.
Chris shook his head. “No, it’s okay. I like Roger.”
“Okay.”
He slipped the remaining few Pretties back under his beanie and gave her a shy smile. “Thanks for today,” he told her.
Her cheeks were just as pink as his. “You’re welcome,” she said. 
When they both made no more attempts to continue the conversation (for their faces were too hot and the words kept dying in his throat), he turned around to head back to the train station. Before he could take a step though, a small hand latched onto his arm. “You’ll be here tomorrow, right?” Sakurai asked. 
He turned around and nodded. “Of course.”
Her grip tightened. “You promise?” 
Chris thought about it for a moment, then nodded again when the perfect idea came to him. He smiled at her and held out his little finger. “Here, I pinky promise.”
Sakurai blinked. “But those are for babies.”
“Nuh uh!” he gasped. He retracted his hand and stood a little taller. “Pinky promises are for knights and princesses. Grandma said so!”
“Your grandma said so?” Sakurai sounded hesitant. 
“Yup!”
“Well, if your grandma said so…”
Chris shook his head. He grabbed her hand and looped her pinky around his, ignoring the fact that they were practically holding hands. The heat rushed from his cheeks to his ears. “Here, I’ll show you how,” he said.
“I know how to pinky promise,” she said, but she was blushing too. 
“This is a special pinky promise,” he told her. He took a deep breath and pressed his thumb to hers. The right words strung themselves together in his mind, calling upon the ancient vow of all noble warriors. “On my honor as a knight, I will uphold this pinky promise.” 
He let the sound ring in the air. “Okay, now you say it,” he said.
Sakurai tried to school her expression with the same solemnity he adopted, but he could tell she was trying hard not to smile. A few giggles leaked out before she composed herself. “On my honor as a princess, I will uphold this pinky promise,” she said.
Chris shrugged. It was good enough for him. He lifted their pinkies in the air with a grin. “Cool! Let’s have an unforgettable adventure!”
Sakurai’s smile mirrored his in every way. “An unforgettable adventure!” 

TWELVE
To something unforgettable, that’s what she said.
But if I’d known Kai was such a slave driver, I might’ve never agreed to it. She wasn’t kidding about the whole two thousand words a day thing. Two thousand words a day. On top of that, I still had my assignments, homework, and I still had to take care of Dad.
Every night, she’d shoot me a text around twelve, asking if I’d finished writing. And every day, I’d say no because that was around the time I’d begin.
“What should we write about?” I’d asked her, before all this craziness started.
It was one thing to say we were going to write a book, but another thing entirely to do it. Books were a lot of work; some people spent years on theirs. Needless to say, we needed a plan, and fast.
Kai’s face had been totally blank. “I’m not sure,” she said. 
“You’re not sure,” I repeated.
“Nope.”
“Kai, you can’t say we should write a book then not know what we’re gonna write.”
“Yeah, about that,” her smile was bashful, like she’d planned this all along. “I was hoping you’d know. Since, you know, you’re the writer.”
I rolled my eyes. “Okay, fine. How about a love story?” I suggested.
“Nope,” her answer was immediate. “Too cliched.”
“All good stories start with a love story,” I tried again.
She snorted. “Not even close.”
I sighed. If she was going to be like that, then I had to bring out the big guns. I grabbed my notebook from my backpack and set it down in front of her. She studied it with those big green eyes. It was the first time I was going to show anyone my notebook. All of a sudden I felt kind of naked.
“This is my baby,” I told her.
“No. That’s a notebook,” she told me.
I shot her a look. She smiled winningly back. 
 “Anyway. I keep all my notes in here. Like, if I suddenly have an idea or whatever. This is actually where I started Zero, and it’s probably where I’ll start all my future stories too. Here, check it out.” I flipped it open and passed it to her. “Maybe we’ll find something.”  
Kai took the notebook and thumbed through the pages. She scrunched up her nose at some and furrowed her brow at others. Then, she gave it back.
I blinked. She pursed her lips. “It’s no good,” she said. 
If I wasn’t so used to her antics, I might’ve even felt attacked. 
“What do you mean?” I asked. 
“The ideas in here, I recognize a lot of them,” she said, then hesitated, as if she was mulling over her next words. “They’re all about knights and dragons and monsters and stuff; they’re kind of childish.”
“Hey,” I frowned.
“No, not like that. It’s your characters,” she said. 
“What about them?”
“They don’t feel real.”
I tilted my head.
“It’s like this,” she explained. “You and Armin Urbutr both write fantasy, but he does it realistically. Like, Zero’s a god who doesn’t have trouble with anything, but Sora’s a peasant who struggles with everything. You know what I mean? Zero’s perfect, but Sora’s human. He’s relatable. And I think that’s the part that gets me; that’s the part that makes me feel.”
I thought about it for a moment. What she said kind of made sense. I decided to roll with it. “So, you’re saying we need to write about something relatable?”
“Mhm.”
“But the only things we can relate to are high school crushes and stale memes.”
She laughed like I was joking. I wasn’t.
“I just meant something we know,” she said. “That way, people can relate to it; that way, they can really feel it. Armin Urbutr once said the truest feelings comes from—”
“What the author knows best,” I finished for her. “Jeez, you really like quoting him.”
“Well, when you publish a couple Pulitzer winners, I’ll quote you too.” Her reply was nonchalant, almost airy, but the faint flush on her cheeks said otherwise. 
I rolled my eyes. “Alright, so how do we do this?”
“Well, what do you know?” she asked.
“High school crushes and—”
She thumped me on the arm. “Seriously, start a list. You’re the writer, so we’ll work off you.”
I pushed down a sigh and began throwing out a ham-fisted list from the top of my head. I kept my complaints to myself. “Alright, fine. I know writing. I know how to make chicken noodle soup and red sauce spaghetti. I know high school. I know teenagers—well, teenage boys.”
Kai hid a smile behind her hand. I hurriedly continued. “I also know how to solve a Rubix Cube in under twenty-six seconds. I’m pretty good at videogames. And I…”
She nodded encouragingly.
“Well,” I said, as an earlier idea came to mind. “I also know how to code.”
Kai cocked her head.
“Like, computers and stuff.” I raised my hands and tapped at an imaginary keyboard. “I can hack your Wi-Fi.” 
She perked up. “Oh, your black magic!”
My cheeks warmed. “That’s not—why does everyone call it that?”
“I don’t know. It’s what Matt told me.”
“I’m gonna kill him.”
She laughed, brushing a stray lock of hair from her face. I let my hands fall with a sigh. Her eyes crinkled with a question when they met mine, “So, you think you can write about that?” she asked. 
I flipped my notebook to the latest page and handed it over. 
Kai scanned the page. “Oh, wow.” 
From the tone of her voice, I could tell she understood. “Mhm,” I said.
“Wow,” she said again. 
We decided to write about the hacker I thought up a few weeks ago. He didn’t have a background, a plot to support him, or even a name. There was only a concept, an idea of him. But that was what made him the perfect starting point.
“Let’s do a bildungsroman,” Kai said, when we tore out sheets of notes to begin. We were lying down by the foot of her bed, brainstorming on our stomachs. Her shoulder hovered an inch near mine. I could feel the electricity that bridged the air between us.
“A bildungsroman?” I asked. 
“Yup.”
“Why would you want to build a Roman?”
Kai sighed, as if she’d expected this. “It means coming-of-age story, you idiot. We learned about this in first period.”
“Oh,” I said. 
“You don’t pay attention at all, do you?” she said. 
“Sorry, what’d you say?”
She rolled her eyes and jotted down a couple more lines on her paper. She tapped my nose with the butt end of her pencil. “Okay, listen up. I like the character and all his little quirks. He feels very authentic. Very real. But, well how should I put this?”
“I’m a god at writing?” I tried.
“Yes.”
“Wait, really?”
“No. Your sense of plot sucks.”
I smiled despite her words. “Damn.”
Kai hummed. “Luckily, you have me.”
She flipped to a new page and spun her pencil. It was weird to see her hovering above my notebook; it was even weirder to think that her notes would be mixed with mine. I propped myself up on one elbow to watch her. I could practically see the gears turn.
She stole a glance at me from the corner of her eyes. “What?” she said. 
“Nothing,” I said.
“Right.”
“Seriously, it’s nothing.”
“Uh huh. Go make yourself useful while I do the plot.”
“With what?”
“The characters. The settings. Anything. It’s your book.”
“I can’t do any of that until you finish,” I pointed out.
She huffed, but didn’t argue. I blinked at the small smile that tugged at her lips. If I didn’t know any better, I would’ve thought she liked the idea of me watching her work. And I did so, silently. I traced her features (and her pencil strokes, though mostly her features) with my eyes as she jotted down notes. Her brow was furrowed in concentration, giving her a cute, worried look. She bit her bottom lip a lot. 
“What’s this?” I asked, when she flipped to a new page. She was starting a list of what looked like personality traits.
“I’m doing the main character,” she said.
“Wait, then what am I supposed to do?”
“Sit back and look pretty.”
“Kai…”
“Kidding, just kidding. I’ll let you see my pitch after it’s done. We’ll workshop it together.”
That made sense, so I went back to watching her write again. Long locks of hair fell in front of her eyes, and she had to keep tucking them behind her ear. It occurred to me how thick her eyelashes were. Her pencil dipped and pivoted hypnotically, like she was erasing circles in the air. She flipped it and got rid of an entire line. It was then that I read what she wrote. 
“Hey uh, Kai?” I swallowed my alarm. She hummed, but didn’t look up. “Why does this guy seem familiar?” I asked. 
Her pencil stopped. “What do you mean?”
“He only wears black,” I read.
“That doesn’t mean anything.”
“He’s a total shut-in who does nothing but sit in front of his computer all day.”
“Sounds like he needs a life.”
“He’s short-tempered, easily offended, and a stiff.”
She whistled, innocently.
“His name is Christoph,” I said.
“It’s a good name,” she said. 
“His name is Christoph.”
Kai coughed to hide a laugh. “Okay, we might have to redo that.”
“Kai!” I shook my head. “You want me to write about myself?”
“Why not?” she shrugged. “It’s like Armin Urbutr said. You should work off what you know best, and what do you know better than yourself?”
“But, writing about myself?” The idea made me uneasy. It made sense in some ways, but I couldn’t shake the queasiness in my stomach when I really thought about it. I didn’t want a bunch of people reading about me. Hell, even I didn’t want to read about me. 
“Don’t worry. It’ll be fine,” she said. 
“But I’m not that interesting,” I said. “I’m just a normal kid. I don’t have—I mean, shouldn’t we try to write about something a little more… universal?”
Kai’s smile was knowing, as if she’d already won this argument. “Come on,” she said. “Porn in the dark? Taylor Swift at three AM? How much more universal can we get?”
“Dude!” My cheeks burned.
“What?”
“That’s—why do you have to say it like that?”
“Because I like your reactions.”
I clamped my mouth shut and absolutely refused to give her anything else. Though, I wasn’t sure if my silence was working. The heat in my face didn’t exactly scream indifference. Kai laughed, before tearing me a piece of paper. She passed me a pencil from her bag.
“Here. Work on another character while I do this,” she told me.
“What, like any character?” I latched on to the change in topic. 
“Make sure it’s a girl,” she dipped back into her own work. 
That gave me pause, and I lifted my head. “I thought we weren’t writing a love story.”
“We’re not. A boy and a girl can be friends, you know.”
“But—”
“Besides,” she tossed her hair; it fell like a curtain and hid a part of her face. “You already have a character. I want one of my own.”
I couldn’t argue with that logic. 
The pencil she lent me felt heavier than normal as I picked it up and tapped it against my chin. A familiar fluttering settled into place, like the wings of a thousand butterflies beating in my stomach. It was the same feeling I got every time before I wrote a story. 
I pushed the eraser against the corner of my lips. Character creation was always hard. That doubled when it went for somebody of the opposite sex. After a few minutes more of silent contemplation, I decided to follow Kai’s example. If she was going to model a character after me, then I’d do the exact same for her. It seemed like the most sensible approach. I snuck a peek at her from the corner of my eyes.
The first thing I wrote down was: Really pretty.
I immediately erased that, blushing.
I tried again. Green eyes?
That was a little better, but not by much. I was only focusing on physical features, while Kai probably meant for me to focus on more intimate ones. Personal details. 
Not emo?
That didn’t seem right.
Less emo.
I jotted down a couple more traits, the ones that reminded me most of Kai. Interestingly enough, I found that I knew very little. The list reached halfway down the page before she tapped me on the shoulder. 
“Green eyes?” she leaned over the paper so she could see. Her head was right next to mine, and I could smell the strawberry shampoo in her hair. Her skin was warm where it touched mine.
I managed a nod. 
“Super nerdy?” she read again.
“Mhm.”
“Really, really weird?” 
I couldn’t hide my smile in time. “Just a little bit.”
Kai stuck her tongue out but didn’t say anything. She nudged me so I would look at her paper. Unlike my own, which only sported single words and signal phrases, hers was filled to the brim with notes and boxes and interconnected thought bubbles. It was like comparing a shrub to a grassland. I was momentarily baffled by how fast she could write.
“Wow,” I said. “Did you really write all that?”
“No, you’re imagining things,” she said. 
“What?”
Kai laughed and handed me the paper. “Here, just let me know what you think.”
I took it from her and scanned it. Upon closer inspection, I found that it was less of a grassland and more of a forest. She’d organized her pitch into several paragraphs with little annotations on the side. Boxes containing notes about settings, motifs, and plot points covered the margins. Random quotes, out of context and often cut short, were circled in a different color. Everything was connected by a jungle of arrows.
I arrived at my first conclusion. “You have nice handwriting,” I told her. 
She really did. Curvy, looped letters that looked like they could almost be cursive. 
Kai cracked a smile. “Thanks, but I meant the story.”
“Oh, well that’s good too,” I said. 
“Yeah?”
“Yeah.” I paused and rubbed at my chin. There was one small problem, and I let her know. “Although, I’m not really sure how Taylor’s going to fit here. There’s not really room for her.”
“Taylor?” Kai blinked. 
“After Taylor Swift.”
She rolled her eyes. “Only you.”
She grabbed my notes and scanned them for real this time. Her eyes narrowed in thought when they glossed over the direction I wanted the character to take. After a minute more of chewing her bottom lip, she murmured, “I think I get what you mean.”
“Right, because the protagonist—”
“Fills her role too. And since we’re not writing a love story—”
“It would be a flat character,” I finished. 
Kai nodded, slowly. She considered the idea and tapped her pencil against the floor. It sounded suspiciously like Eye of The Tiger.  
“I know,” she said at last. “We’ll make them foils. For juxtaposition.”
“Bless you,” I said.
She rolled her eyes. “Anyway. I think it’d be cool if we made them polar opposites. Taylor can fit the girl-next-door trope, and you can be the school loser.”
“You mean the character, right?”
“Mhm, yeah.” She turned away so I couldn’t see her face. Though, in that moment, I would’ve bet all the money in my bank account that she was trying her best not to smile. She cleared her throat and said, “If they’re foils, then we can create tension. It’ll give us a lot more to work with.”
“Tension does make for better stories,” I agreed.
“Exactly. And also…”
“Also?”
“I wanna talk to you about symbolism.”
She said the word like it was a landmine, like it could explode at any second. I fought down the urge to roll my eyes. “What about it?” I asked. 
“Well, it’s symbolism. It’s the final boss.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means we need it for our book. All good books have symbols.”
“Okay?” I thought I knew where she was getting at, but I wanted her to spell it out. A couple of days ago, Mrs. Haley had gone over the importance of symbolism in literature. I was pretty sure I’d fallen asleep halfway through the lecture.  
Kai huffed and tossed her hair. Her cheeks were dusted a light pink. “Look, just help me out. I’ve never done this before. I don’t really know how to start.”
“What, help you write symbolism?”
She nodded.
“Symbolism isn’t something you can force, dude,” I told her. “It has to happen naturally.”
“What do you mean?”
“Like, it’ll happen when you’re writing. You can’t plan for it.”
 “But what about Wax?” Kai frowned. “It was such a complex story with so many different themes and motifs. There were callbacks upon callbacks upon callbacks. That kind of stuff doesn’t happen on the fly.”
“Well, no,” I conceded. “Obviously there is some planning.”
“Exactly—”
“But symbolism will happen if it wants to happen. It’ll come to you. Or sometimes, readers will think something’s a symbol even if it’s not. It’s not up to us to decide,” I told her.
Kai’s brow furrowed; I could tell she didn’t believe me.
“Look,” I sighed, and tapped at the side of my head. “Years of experience here. I know it doesn’t make a lot of sense right now, but you’ll understand once we start. It’s like you said. You just have to trust me.”
Something flickered in her eyes. The dawning of recognition.
“Alright,” she nodded. “But we’ll have symbolism, right?”
“If you want,” I said. 
She smiled. “I do.”
I wanted to laugh at the relief that passed over her features. Obviously, her obsession with symbolism had roots that ran deeper than anything Mrs. Haley could’ve taught. “Why are you so set on this anyway?” I asked her. “Books can be good without symbols.” 
Kai looked away with a faint blush. She muttered something beneath her breath.
“What?” I leaned a little closer. 
“It’s nothing. Never mind,” she said. 
“See, now you have to tell me.”
“It’s just, Armin Urbutr said—”
I couldn’t help the small laugh that escaped. I should’ve known. “Dude, you’re so lame.”
“Whatever,” she crossed her arms, but I could tell she was flustered. She threw her pencil at me when I laughed again. “He’s good, okay? He’s an amazing writer.”
“Uh huh,” I said.
“What?” she glared at me, and I was glad she’d run out of things to throw. 
“Nothing. I literally didn’t say anything.”
Her eyes narrowed. “You were thinking it.”
There was a moment where I considered if the inevitable pain was worth what I was about to do next, and the answer came to me in a single word. I grabbed Taylor’s character sheet and added beneath the last entry, making sure to pencil the letters in with deep, dark strokes: 
Fangirl.
The bruise from her punch remained until morning.

THIRTEEN
Kai’s most expressive feature were her eyes.
They were both the color of sunbathed leaves on a summer’s day and as pale as cool, reflective marble beneath rolling thunderclouds; they changed colors with her mood. I could always tell how she felt about something because her eyes never lied. So, maybe it was the way they lit up, or maybe it was the way her smile brightened whenever I presented her with a new chapter, but I started looking forward to our early school day meetings, no matter how tiring they got. And they did get tiring.
Morning blended into night and into morning again. Time started defining itself in chapters and paragraphs instead of numbers and colons. Sometimes, I’d glare at a single sentence for hours on end, only to delete the entire thing and restart. But I kept going—two thousand words a day.
Call me a masochist, but writing a book felt kind of good. It was something bigger than myself, something I could contribute to. A break from the endless pile of assignments that towered above my computer screen. My favorite moment was simply showing her. She’d gift me that brilliant smile, and the way her face glowed never failed to chase away the weariness; it never failed to put a warm glow in my stomach. Strangely enough, it felt like the sunsets. 
Then, on a Friday night that leaned towards April, we ran into our first wall. 
It’d come out of nowhere, the idea a little more than whispers in my mind; if I was being honest, it’d been bugging me ever since we started. Because by now, we were already halfway done. Most of the characters were fleshed out, the plot was ready to go, and the themes and motifs had been chosen. There was only one thing missing: an ending.
“An ending?” Kai had asked.
We’d talked about it a bit before, during a passing period. Kai was in the middle of packing up her stuff when I’d dropped the question. As a writer, I thought it was pretty important for us to know how our story ends, and I told her that. 
Kai continued packing. “What about it?”
“Well,” I chose my words carefully. “It’s kind of weird that we’re writing without an end goal. Like, I know about the symbols, and the characters, and their journey; I know where they’re supposed to go. But I don’t know the specifics.”
“Is that important? The specifics?” she asked. 
I nodded. “It’s what makes a good story. Maybe there’s a plot twist where somebody dies. Maybe something happens to Taylor and Chris, but I can’t set it up unless I know beforehand. Like, you know? It doesn’t feel—”
Before I could say more, Matt slung an arm around my neck.
“Yo!” he grinned.
I smiled. “Hey, Matt.”
“How’s my favorite edge-lord doing?”
“For the last time, I’m not—”
“Uh huh, uh huh. Course you’re not.” His grin stretched. He turned to Kai and winked. “And how’s my favorite supermodel doing?”
Kai’s smile was wry. “Good morning, Matt.”
Matt nudged my shoulder. “See? It’s ‘Good morning, Matt’, not ‘I swear I’m not edgy, Matt.’ You could learn some manners from space angel over here.”
“And that’s my Matt limit for the morning.” Kai shook her head, still smiling. She slung her backpack over her shoulder and made for the door. “I’ll see you guys at lunch.”
“Wait, but—”
“Text me later.” She stopped to tuck in a chair.  
“Huh?”
“About the ending, I mean. Text me about it later. If we haven’t figured it out by Friday, then we’ll do the usual. Sound good?”
“Oh,” I said. “Sounds good.”
She shot me a small smile, and when I smiled back, she joined the stream of students in the hallway. Within seconds, she was out of sight.
“Alright, come on,” I said to Matt, still staring at the door. A moment later and I tore my gaze away. “We should get going too. Gibas is gonna kill us if we’re late.”
He clapped me on the shoulder. “I won’t be the reason you’re late.”
“I hate you.”
“Let’s go, lover boy.”
 That was two days ago, on the most recent Wednesday. Afterwards, she told me we should both try to think of solutions and keep each other updated. We decided to meet at the local Boba place at the end of the week. Unfortunately, I had nothing to show, and from Kai’s non-writing related texts, I could tell she wasn’t having much luck either. 
“Yo,” I greeted her when she sat down.
Kai made a face, like she was half-torn between exasperation and amusement. The corners of her lips twitched. “Why is that the only thing you ever say?”
“I don’t know,” I shrugged. “Are you going to get—” 
“I already did,” she said, and set down her drink.
“Strawberry Fresca with crystal Boba?”
“You know it.”
I smiled and nodded at my own drink, just as pink as hers. “I do.”
Kai took a sip, brushing back strands of hair from her face. Sunlight caught in her eyes and sprinkled them with flecks of gold. They looked as bright as ever. We sat in silence for a bit, sipping on our drinks with only the wind between us. The sun umbrella cast a crescent shadow that covered half the table. I wondered if this was what a date looked like. 
“What?” she said.
“Hm?”
“You’re staring.”
My cheeks grew warm. “I’m not.”
“You’re blushing too.”
I coughed and looked away. “A-Anyway, let’s talk about the ending. Any luck?”
Kai shook her head. “None.”
“Damn.”
“I think it’s because I don’t know what you mean though,” she paused, and from the way she chewed her bottom lip, I could tell she was sorting her next words. “Like, why the ending? What kind of specificity are we talking about? Do we need details, or quotes?”
I thought about it for a moment, before shaking my head. “Maybe not quotes, but something like the last sentence,” I said. 
Kai’s eyebrows knit together. “The last sentence?”
“Right. Like the punchline.”
“Why?”
“Well, it’s the line that gets you. Like, in Wax—what was it?”
“The willow tree hangs over a bend in the river,” Kai said, straightening up. 
I raised an eyebrow. 
She placed both hands on the table and laced them; her chin tilted higher, like she was about to perform spoken word. It looked so ridiculous, so dramatic, that I had to fight down a laugh. “Sunlight spills through the cracks between branches, caught by the wind and scattered by its leaves. She still comes here sometimes. This is still their place.”
She took a deep breath. “Only now, she is the one who speaks, for he cannot. And he would not, ever; she knows this. But still she comes, and still she remains. She would remain until the sun dipped beneath the distant ocean, until too many years passed before her sunken eyes. She would remain until his wax seal hardened into something immovable.”
One final exhale. “She knows this, because it’s what she promised him.”
Kai flashed me a smile after she was done. Wide and proud, like she was watching for my reaction. Her flushed cheeks were a sharp contrast against her eyes; I couldn’t tell if she was breathless or just cold. I wondered how long it took for her to memorize that. 
“Well,” I said. “That was more than one sentence.”
Her expression flipped like a switch. I had half a second to regret my joke before a hard heel stomped down on my foot. I barely stopped myself from yelping out loud.  
“Ow,” I shot her a glare. One look down ensured me her boot wasn’t studded with steel and that all my toes were still attached. They certainly didn’t feel attached. 
Kai huffed and crossed her arms. “You deserved that.”
I brought my foot up and nursed it against my knee. “I think you broke two of my toes.”
“Good.” She didn’t look sorry at all.
“Make that three.”
“Good.”
I turned away so she wouldn’t see the smile that finally broke through, then coughed into my fist when her heel swung dangerously close to mine again. Briefly, I debated teasing her about being a fangirl, but then I realized, I liked my toes.  
“Okay, okay,” I said. “Sorry. You were great. Super impressive.”
Kai rolled her eyes, but I could tell she was pleased. The corner of her lips tugged up once, twice, before lifting into something exasperated. She shot me an appraising look.
“Are you okay?” she asked. 
I nodded.
“Are you sure?”
I nodded again, fighting back a blush. Her concern was almost tangible. It showed in her eyes and her brow and her mouth. It was almost unfair, because from the way she bit her lip, leaning halfway across the table to search my face, I was sure she’d somehow become the victim. 
“Um,” I said, and broke eye-contact. “About that ending.”
“Are you absolutely sure—”
“I hate you.”
Kai sat back with a smile, twirling her hair. I got the faint impression she knew she won that one. She took a sip of her drink. 
“You were saying?” she said. 
“Well, you basically got it,” I sighed. “The ending’s important because it ties everything together. It’s the final punch in the gut, if you will.”
“So, what? You want us to brainstorm again?”
I considered the idea. “Maybe…”
“Maybe?”
“It’s just, the past couple of days, I’ve been running a blank. Nothing’s coming to me.”
“I get that,” she nodded. “Nothing’s coming to me either.”
“Right, exactly. So I don’t know what to do.”
It was Kai’s turn to rub her chin. She hummed and took another sip of her drink. Her hands started moving, like she was spinning a funnel.
“It is because you lack… inspiration?”
“What, like the feeling?”
“Yeah. Yeah, exactly.” Her hand-gesturing picked up its pace. She leaned forward over the table. “Do you still remember what it was like?”
I immediately thought of Sora and his wax seal, of Anna and their promise. Strangely enough, my lungs stayed intact. I could still breathe. All I felt was a slight pang. The echo of a melancholy ache that used to be a chasm in my chest.
“Could you repeat the last line of Wax for me?” I asked.
“Oh, sure.” Kai blinked. “The willow tree hangs—”
“No, no. You’re great, but—”
Kai pouted, jutting out her lip. Now I was certain she’d spent at least hours, if not days, memorizing the words just so she could recite them. I knew this, because it sounded like something I would do. “She knows this, because it’s what she promised him,” she said. 
I waited for my ribs to constrict. For my heart to be squeezed like a sponge. Nothing happened. 
“Huh,” I said.
“What?” she said.
“No, nothing. I mean—literally nothing.”
“Like, you don’t feel anything?”
“Well, I know what it’s supposed to feel like. And it’s still there, but…”
Kai’s lips formed a small ‘O’. 
There was a long moment where she stared at me and I stared back. Or maybe she was staring past me, I couldn’t tell. The way her eyes narrowed made me think she was trying to solve some great, big problem. The way her nose scrunched up made me think the problem was me. 
“Um, alright. No problem,” she said. “We just need to find another source of inspiration.”
“Another book?”
“Yeah, exactly.”
I reached for my drink. “I guess I could give Dream Catchers a shot again.” 
Kai shook her head. “Actually, I was thinking something more familiar. Something we both know.”
“Like what?” I asked. 
“The Boy of the Cherry Blossoms.”
My hand stopped a hair’s width before the cup. I looked up as an icy drop of water coated my fingertip. 
“The Boy of the Cherry Blossoms?” My voice sounded quiet, even to me.
Kai nodded. I wet my lips; my mouth had gone dry. 
“What?” she asked. 
“No, it’s nothing.” I let out a nervous laugh. “It’s just, you really want to hurt me, huh?”
Kai waved it off with a smile. “Psh, don’t be a baby. I read it when I was like fourteen.”
“But—”
“Besides, you have no excuse. You’re Orion.” She crossed her arms with a teasing grin. “What would all your adoring fans say?”
“Nothing. They don’t know who I am,” I said. 
“Not yet.”
I gasped. “Kai!”
“Kidding, just kidding,” she laughed. She patted my hand when I shot her a reproachful glare. “Seriously though, just read it. I’ll read it too. Tomorrow, we can meet back at my place and do the usual. Sound good?”
The smile on her lips deterred any words I might’ve had.
“Yeah,” I heard myself sigh. “Sounds good.”
That night, I curled up into bed with butterflies in my stomach. Not the good kind, but the kind that preceded any school project presentation. I stared at the familiar library of Sheen, filtered by comments and likes. The Boy of the Cherry Blossoms took its place at the top.
The time read a little past midnight. Tomorrow was Saturday, and Dad would be at his weekly checkup. There was literally nothing stopping me from reading it; all I had to do was click the link. So, I went on YouTube.  
Unfortunately, not even Gordon Ramsey’s cooking tutorials could get my mind off it, and after learning how to cook the perfect burger for the eighteenth time, I turned back to Sheen. Underneath my blankets, a familiar page stared back. I’d asked NekoChan about it once; so had everyone else on Sheen. She’d never responded, and we were all left to wonde why the most popular story on all of Sheen never bothered with cover art. Even now it was blank. Pale and lifeless.
Kai had promised I would enjoy it. That it would put my heart into a blender. I didn’t think that sounded particularly enjoyable, but she hadn’t been wrong yet. The butterflies in my stomach, however, disagreed. There was a reason why I never finished it.
“Come on, Chris,” I whispered, rolling into a more comfortable position. I scrolled past the cover page and onto the first few sentences. They stared back at me, haunting, taunting. “Come on.”
That night, I wouldn’t find much sleep at all.
The next morning greeted me with a massive migraine. It was like somebody had pinched a nerve right between my eyes, but from the inside. Like they were trying to squeeze something out of my skull. My mouth didn’t fare much better, and when I went to yawn, it felt like the Sahara cracking in half. 
My phone buzzed. It was a text from Kai.
	Come over.
I stared at the message through weary eyes and blinked a few times.
	Okay.
I caught the 1:30 train to D.C. This time around, I didn’t write in my notebook. I couldn’t. Instead, I stared at the all too familiar scenery rushing past and wondered why it felt like I’d lost something. Like something precious had been ripped away from me. Two hours passed, and I never got an answer. I had to remind myself to breathe the entire way there. 
The taxi pulled up at Kai’s house just as the sun reached its apex in the sky. It was a particularly warm day today. Almost harsh in its heat. As I walked up the stone steps to the door, I was glad I only bothered with a T-shirt. 
As usual, Haru was waiting for me in the living room. He directed me upstairs with a smile while Mimi the cat licked her paws on his lap. I thanked them both and went on my way. 
I knocked three times on Kai’s door. Moments later, she answered. 
The first thing she did was blink, taking in my appearance. “The hell happened to you?” 
I winced and rubbed the back of my neck.
“Late night?” she crossed her arms. 
“Something like that,” I said.
“I told you not to stay up too late. It’s not healthy.”
“I know, I know. Sorry. It’s habit.”
Kai pursed her lips but said nothing more. She ushered me in and shut the door behind us.
“Water?” she offered.
“Thanks.”
I collapsed by the foot of her bed and curled up into a ball. The wood felt cool against my back. Her sheets, like always, smelled like strawberry and cream. Kai sat down beside me and regarded me with a smile, as if she couldn’t decide between being more amused or more worried.
“So, what’d you think?” she asked.
I buried my face in my arms and blew. “Asfwaibf.”
“Ah.”
“Wifbsah?”
“Yeah, I did.”
“Nkfasbg…”
“I know,” she said, sympathetically. “I know.”
I looked up and let out a long, suffering sigh. Kai’s lips twitched. “You know, I think you’ve actually been getting less sleep on weekend.”
“Don’t remind me,” I groaned, and buried my face back into my knees.
“What the heck do you do?”
“Well, I—”
“Nope, scratch that.” Kai held up a hand. “I don’t want to know. I’ve heard the stories from Matt.”
“Dude,” I shot her a glare.
“What?”
“Don’t do this?”
“Do what?”
“Leave me and my cooking videos alone.”
“I was talking about—”
“I know. Please.”
Kai laughed and let silence take the reins again. I was just about to get comfortable when she reached through my hoodie and poked my cheek. I turned away, but she poked me again. And again. And again, until I glared at her and she met my eyes with a grin. 
“You good?” she asked. 
“Better before you came along,” I said.
Her grin stretched. “Uh huh. So, how was it? Honest opinion.”
I sighed. “It was okay.”
“Just okay?”
“It was…” I shook my head. “No, I don’t know.”
“Chris?” her lips sloped down.  
“I don’t know,” I said again. “I don’t know. It was fine. Or, maybe it wasn’t. I had a bad feeling before I read it, and my gut was telling me not to, and now there’s just a really weird…”
I looked away. “I don’t know.”
“Is that… bad?” she asked.
“I don’t know.”
“Is it good?”
“I don’t know.”
“Chris.”
“Sorry.”
“Don’t apologize,” she said, shaking her head. There was a slight pause, as if she wasn’t sure what else to say. “Is it the feeling again? Is that it?”
I stayed silent, because in all honesty it was. And it hurt more than last time. The hole in my heart was deeper, more jagged, and squeezed my insides in a way that made it hard to breathe. Like somebody had plucked my lungs straight from my chest. 
“Chris?” Kai touched my shoulder.
I looked up.
“Are you—”
“Why are happy endings bad?” My sudden question surprised both me and her. Kai blinked, like she didn’t understand what I was asking. I wet my lips. “Do you think—I mean, do you think happy endings can make people feel too?”
Kai hesitated, then shook her head. “Well, for me, I’ve never read a fairytale that could make me feel. They just don’t click. Like Disney movies. I watched all of them, but they’re the same thing over and over again.”
“But that’s a generic happy ending,” I said. “What about—what if the characters struggle? What if they work hard for it? What if they go through hell and back just to reach that happy ending? Shouldn’t they deserve it, after everything they’ve been through?”
Kai was silent for a moment. She watched me with those big green eyes. When she spoke again, her voice was quiet. “What brought this on?”
I picked at my jeans.
The air grew heavy between us. A moment stretched into what felt like eternity. Not awkward, per say, but definitely not comfortable. Kai’s teeth pulled at her bottom lip, like she was gnawing on a problem. I squeezed my eyes shut. I know what she was asking for. 
Maybe she didn’t, but I did. I ripped one last thread from the cuffs of my jeans, and the words tumbled from my mouth, low as a whisper. “When I was eight years old, my grandma got sick.” 
Her breath hitched.
“Back then, the word sick didn’t really mean anything. Just chicken noodle soup and skipping school. In my eyes, Grandma was fine. She just needed to leave home for a bit, that’s all. She’d come back eventually. She always did.”
“Chris…”
“And growing up, I was obsessed with magic and fantasy and all that. You know, the made-up stuff kids like. So when Grandma said collecting a thousand cherry blossoms would let her come home, I believed her instantly. I hopped on a train to D.C. the very next day.”
Kai had fallen silent. Her eyes were dim. For a single moment, I wondered what she was thinking. I wondered what she must’ve thought of me.
“I collected the cherry blossoms for seven days straight. On the final day, right before I came home, Grandma passed away.” I managed a smile. A brittle, hollow thing. “I didn’t even get to say goodbye.”
FOURTEEN
Neither of us spoke in the silence that followed.
Maybe it was too awkward. Maybe we just couldn’t bring ourselves to do it.
I fiddled with the cuffs of my jeans and looked pointedly down. I think, in that moment, I could only look down. There was no telling what I’d see if I looked up. Would there be pity in her eyes? Would she be crying? Would I? I wasn’t sure I wanted to know the answers, so I just kept picking at the seams, hoping that she would say something, anything, so I wouldn’t have to.
“So, that’s why…” she murmured, letting the thought hang in the air.
I dipped my head. “Yeah.”
Kai looked down. Her bottom lip was swollen with teeth marks.
“Do you um,” she hesitated. “I mean, if you like, we can give the characters a happy ending. I don’t mind.”
I shook my head. “It’s okay.”
“Chris, really—”
“No, it’s fine. Happy endings can’t make people feel.”
“That’s not—”
“But it is!” I let out a shaky breath. “It is. I mean, look at me. I’m…”
“Chris,” her voice was soft.
I squeezed my eyes shut. “I’ve always regretted going that day, you know. Grandma, that morning, she was right there. She was smiling. And I left because I was a fucking idiot. But if I stayed—if I just stayed—if I could change just one thing…” A single tear burned its way down my cheek. I let out another shuddering breath. 
Kai didn’t speak. She didn’t have to. She slipped her fingers through mine and squeezed. I wiped away another tear. She squeezed again, and I rested my head against the bedframe and closed my eyes. In the dark, the only sound in the room was our synchronized breaths. And with every gentle circle she traced on the back of my hand, my heartbeat slowed, and regret turned slowly into thoughts of how warm her hand was. How good she smelled. I felt a little better. 
Finally, when I’d almost fallen asleep, Kai nudged my shoulder. She untangled our fingers and got up. I listened curiously as she padded over to some distant corner, before padding right back. There was the sound of glass sliding across wood. Then, she touched my cheek.
I opened my eyes. A massive pink jar stared back.
Kai set it down in front of me, where it stood, as tall as my torso. Even though it was sealed, I could still taste the cherry blossoms in the air. It was sweet. I found her eyes. 
“Cats,” she said.
“What?” 
“Well, just one cat.”
I blinked.
Kai took a deep breath. “I had a friend once that really liked cats. Her parents weren’t really big on the idea, so she’d always run around, chasing after kitties and petting strays.” There was a small laugh, like she was reminiscing better days. “When we were younger, she’d even joke about becoming a crazy cat lady.”
One word caught my attention. I repeated it quietly. “Had?”
Kai’s smile dimmed. “Had.”
I felt my mouth go dry. 
“She was my best friend, and she died two years ago.” Her voice dropped to a whisper; in the dimly lit room, it sounded like thunder to my ears. She cleared her throat and said, louder, “And she loved cats. She wanted nothing more than to have a cat. Towards the end of her life, her parents finally agreed. They got her a black cat, with green eyes. My friend named her Mimi.”
My heart skipped a beat.
“Aside from wanting a cat, well, she just wanted to live. She was only sixteen. But life wasn’t as kind as her parents, and she got sick. Terminally sick. I did what I could; I’d visit her at the hospital after school. I’d tell her about my day, about any cute boys, and even read her stories when she got too weak to pick up a book herself. Most of the stories we read were yours.”
Green eyes met mine, smiling softly. I stared back, speechless. As I struggled to form a response, I got the feeling she wasn’t really smiling at me, but past me. 
“The two of you would’ve been great friends, you know. She loved your stories. And in her hospital days, she made me read them at least half a dozen times each. We must’ve left hundreds of likes and comments over your wall. And well, we even PM’ed you.” At my guilt-stricken face, Kai shook her head. “No, no. It’s okay. You’re Orion; you probably had thousands of fans messaging you.”
That didn’t make me feel any better.
Kai let out a shaky breath. “And then, The Boy of the Cherry Blossoms came out.”
I looked up.
“Everyone, and I mean everyone, was gushing over it. We took a look too. And when I read it for the first time, I broke down. We held each other in her room, and we just cried. We cried, and we cried, and we cried, until we ran out of tears to cry. Then my friend looked up, and she grabbed me by the shoulders. Collect a thousand cherry blossoms for me, she said. So I did.”
Kai ran a feather-light touch over the jar, ghosting her fingers across the smooth surface of the glass. Something heavy stung my throat. Suddenly, the jar looked a lot, lot heavier.
“So, this is…” I found my voice. My eyes, however, stayed on the jar; they wouldn’t stray away.
Kai nodded. She reached for my hand, and I laced my fingers through hers. We sat there, silent, palms against the floor. There was a small lull before she started again.
“To be honest, I don’t know much about endings. But I do know this.” Her chest rose and fell. “Endings are tricky. They take the essence of a story and wrap it up in a few short lines. My friend smiled as she passed away, even though she was only sixteen. Your grandma sent you away, even though she knew you would miss her last moments. It’s endings like these that make me think they’re impossible to write.”
She lifted my chin with our intertwined hands. “But that’s exactly why I think you need to do it.”
“Kai…”
“You’re a writer, aren’t you?” she said. “As a writer, you have to confront these feelings. These great aching emotions that leave holes in our hearts. There’s no story worth telling that won’t scare you with its truth.”
“Armin Urbutr,” I managed to say.
Kai hummed in agreement. “And there’s no right or wrong answer here. Everyone has something that can make them feel, but you need to write to make yourself feel first. Does that make sense?”
I shook my head. 
“Oh. Well, it sounded better in my head.”
She took one more look at how lost I was, at the dark rings under my eyes and the part to my lips, then poked me in the cheek with a small smile. It was faint, and not reassuring at all. 
“Hey, cheer up,” she said. “We’ll go with whatever ending you choose. No pressure.”
“Right,” I said. “No pressure.”
Later that evening, Kai would shoo me out of her house with the promise to take a little break. I’d protested, of course, because the only way to get our book done was to keep schedule. Still, she stood her ground.
“Writing’s not about sitting in front of a computer all day,” she lectured. “You have to live before you can write. Or in your case, sleep. The bags under your eyes are so heavy I can go grocery shopping with them.”
In the end, I couldn’t argue with her. Don’t get wrong, I tried, but every time I’d say something, she’d respond with “no you.” It was hard to win against that, so I relented. We spent the rest of the day in her room, talking about Matt’s very obvious attempts to get with the blonde girl on the swim team, to eventually watching the sunset again. Then, it was time for me to go home.
“Come on,” she said. “I’ll walk you down.”
Kai helped me up, and I went to collect my stuff while she put her room back in order. She threw her pillows back on the bed, mopped up a water stain, and placed the jar of cherry blossoms back upon the shelf. Something odd came to me then, but before I could ask about it, Kai turned around with an expectant smile. 
“Ready?” she asked.
I nodded.
“Cool. Let’s go.”
She escorted me down the stairs and out the front door.
“Now, remember,” she said, as my ride pulled up by the curb. Limbs of receding sunlight washed over her driveway, so bright that I had to squint to see her face. “You pinky promised to take a break. Get some sleep. And don’t you dare stay up too late. Writing’s great and all, but living comes first.”
I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. Mostly because I would’ve been blinded.
“Yes, Mom,” I said. 
“Don’t talk back to me with that tone, young man.”
“You are seriously, seriously weird.”
Kai laughed. “Get going, idiot. I’m pretty sure your driver’s gonna charge extra if you make him wait any longer.”
Right on cue, there was a small honk. 
I sighed. It’d barely been a minute. Nevertheless, Kai gave me a little shove towards the car. “Go. I’ll see you on Monday, okay?”
“Right, yeah. Oh, and thanks for listening. About, you know.”
“No worries” she smiled. “What are friends for?”
As the car pulled away from her little neighborhood, I couldn’t help but think back to her room. Kai had been nonchalant, throwing it back together like she’d done it a thousand times. But when she put away the jar of cherry blossoms, she’d lingered for a second too long.
That’s when I noticed the other jar. 
Sure, I must’ve seen it a dozen times before, but today was the first day I really, really noticed it. They looked kind of odd, standing side by side. Because while one was filled to the brim, the other was strangely, and hauntingly empty.

FIFTEEN
The following week passed by in a flurry of pages. From assignments, to thinking about writing, to more assignments, to cooking videos in the dark, to longing for my laptop—but I never once touched the book. I kept my promise. 
Then, on a bitterly cold Friday, everything changed. 
I hopped out of bed that morning with a promptness that surprised even me. Somehow, despite only four hours of sleep, I was wide awake. I shut off all six alarms and quickly gathered the things I needed for school. Pencils. Two granola bars. Earphones. But as I reached for my backpack, my hands started shaking. I drew them back, blinking.
“What the…?”
“Chris?” a head poked out from the kitchen.
I whipped around. “Dad!”
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
“Nothing. It’s nothing.” I shoved my hands in my pockets. My backpack swung from the hook I’d left it on, and I steadied it with my arm. “Wait, Dad, what are you doing up?” I asked him.
Dad held up a mug. “I’m making coffee,” he said. 
“Coffee?”
His shoulders shrugged. “Dr. Monroe said one or two cups won’t hurt.”
“Oh.” 
“Don’t worry, kiddo,” he chuckled. “I’ll go back to sleep in a few.”
“Right, yeah.”
Outside, the bus honked. I took my backpack down from its perch and tugged it onto my shoulder. There was a nagging feeling in my chest that churned with a question, because why would Dad need coffee of all things?—but the time on my phone told me I’d be late if I stayed any longer. I unlocked the door and stepped outside. .
“You got everything?” Dad asked, when I pocketed my keys.
I nodded.
“Alright,” he gave me a smile. “Have a good day, kiddo.”
I cleared my throat. “Yeah.”
The bus driver, thankfully, had waited for me. After I apologized for the fifteenth time she let me on with a roll of her eyes. I took a seat in the far back corner and took out my notebook. Next to me, a kid with an oversized hoodie watched porn with his earphones in. I plugged in my own.
Journal entry: I have no idea
The guy next to me is watching porn. 6/10. Anyway, this morning’s been kind of weird. I woke up on time for once (even though I was still somehow semi-late for the bus), and I didn’t even sleep through any of my alarm clocks. And Dad was up. He was making coffee—coffee!—at seven in the morning. He never gets up this early. 
The book’s also been on my mind. 
I want to write again, but I still don’t have an ending. I know it’s forbidden or whatever, but my fingers are freaking itching. I miss it way, way more than I thought I would. I’ve seriously considered writing fanfiction just to get my mind off it. 
And it’s not like I’m not trying either. It’s like Kai said. Endings are hard. I’ve gone through entire pages of notes and I’ve still got no clue. I think not being allowed to write is actually hindering my ability to think. I don’t know, man. This whole thing confuses me.
I’ll talk to Kai today. See what she thinks. Hopefully, she’ll be able to make sense of this crap. Maybe she’ll even have an idea for me. Maybe.
Matt was waiting for me when I got to school. 
It was zero period, and I’d just settled into my chair, laying my notebook flat on my desk, when he plopped down in front of me with an outstretched fist. His cheeks were flushed, rosy from the cold. From how heavy his breaths were, I could tell he had just spent a good ten or minutes walking. 
“Yo,” I bumped his fist with mine.
“Hey,” he said.
“How was the walk?” I asked him. 
“How was the bus?” he countered.
“Not as cold.”
“Yeah, makes sense.” He nodded at the window. “It’s like twenty degrees out there.”
“You should wear heavier stuff,” I told him. 
Matt scrunched up his nose, like the idea was unthinkable. “But it’s spring.”
“It’s almost spring,” I corrected him. “Besides, it’s New York. What did you expect?” 
“Cute girls. No homework. More stuff to do.”
I let out a little laugh. “True.”
There was a short pause as Matt cocked his head. His eyes were fixed on my notebook. It laid on the table, front-side up, and I was glad I had the foresight to close it. Seconds passed as he kept staring; I fought down the urge to cover it with my arm. Matt thumbed the corner of its pages with one hand. His voice dropped in volume.
“Hey, how’s your dad?” he asked. 
“He’s good,” I said. “He drank coffee this morning.”
“Coffee?”
“The doctors said it was fine.”
Matt’s eyebrow rose by a fraction of an inch. “Huh.”
“Yeah,” I coughed. The sudden urge to talk about something else, anything else, ballooned in my chest. “So um, how’s the thing with swim team girl going? The blonde one. Lyla.”
“Lydia,” he said. “And it’s good.”
“Oh, good.”
Matt must’ve sensed my discomfort, because he ran with it. He leaned a little closer, hovering over the table until I could see the glimmer in his eyes. “You wanna hear how I’m going to get her number?” 
“Yeah, sure,” I said, because he would’ve told me anyway. 
His lips twitched. “I would’ve told you anyway.” 
He leaned back and threw an arm around the back of his chair. The way he was smiling made me sorry for the poor girl. “So, apparently, Lydia’s a total history nerd,” he said. “Like, geek level. So, what I’ll do is, I’ll pretend like I suck at history and ask her to tutor me.”
“Okay,” I nodded.
“What?” 
“No, nothing. What’s next.”
Matt flushed. “Oh, um. I haven’t gotten there yet.”
“Wait,” I stifled a laugh. That was it? “So your entire plan is to go up to her and ask her to tutor you in history?”
“Yeah.”
“What happened to the pick-up lines? The smooth talk?”
His cheeks flushed darker than before, and he shrank into himself. “What am I supposed to say? You like history, I like your story, let’s make our story?”
I blinked. “Wow.”
“What?” he said. 
“Did you come up with that on the spot?”
“Kind of?”
“Wow,” I said again.
Matt thumped my arm from across the table. “Knock it off, dude. I really like this one.”
“That’s because you actually know her name,” I pointed out, smiling. “What were the others? The one who played soccer?”
“I have no idea.”
“Wow.”
“To be fair, she was out of my league.”
“You said it, not me.”
Matt laughed and ran a hand through his hair. He leaned a little closer, shifting in his seat. The tug on his lips told me everything I needed to know. “Speaking of girls out of my league,” he said. 
“Matt, I swear—”
“How are you and Kai?”
I sighed. “For the millionth time, we’re just friends.”
“Uh huh,” his grin stretched.
“I’m serious!”
“Uh huh, okay. Friends who do ‘the usual’?”
“I’ve no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Yeah, you do.”
I shot him a glare.
“Come on,” he said. “Bro code.”
“No.”
“Bro code.”
His words were paired with an incredibly bad impression of a puppy face—his bottom lip trembling, and his eyes big and round. Morbid fascination held my eyes there for all of three seconds before I tore them away. I cleared my throat, deciding that anything was better than having to look at that.  
“Alright, fine. I’ll tell you,” I said. “Just, don’t do that again. Like ever.”
Matt’s smile was triumphant.
I rolled my shoulders. “So um, basically, we hang out every Saturday.”
“And?”
“And we watch sunsets.”
“And?”
“And that’s it. There’s nothing else.”
Matt looked put out. “But what about the usual?”
“Oh. Well, that’s—” I was saved by the morning bell.
Mrs. Haley walked in, followed by a stream of students. Once the door opened, it was like looking at traffic off a busy freeway. It was also a sight I rarely saw, mostly because I was always sleeping. Kai slipped out from the crowd of incoming students and made her way over to us. She dipped into her seat, letting her bag fall from her shoulder.
“Hey,” I greeted her.
Kai smiled at me. “Morning. How was your—hold on, what are you two doing?”
I exchanged glances with Matt. “Uh, nothing,” I said.
“Nothing,” she said. 
I shook my head. Kai raised an eyebrow.
“I was also doing nothing,” Matt said, clearing his throat. He nodded for emphasis. “Just a couple of pals, doing a whole lot of nothing. Good stuff.”
“Right,” Kai said, slowly. “In that case, get back to your seat. Class is about to start.”
Matt put on his best puppy face again. “But what if Chris misses me?”
“He’ll be fine.”
“Nope,” I shook my head. “I’ll die without him.”
Matt looked like he was about to agree, then froze. He turned to me with a frown.
“What?” I said.
“You just made a joke.”
“Yeah.”
“You. A joke.”
“Well, yeah.”
He crossed his arms. “Don’t let me see it happen again. Go back to being edgy.”
I glared at him, and Kai hid her smile. I flipped him off when he laughed.
The bell rang again, and school started. Mrs. Haley hooked up her laptop to the projector and began her lecture on the importance of secondary literary devices. I opened my notebook and hid it behind Adam’s back. Kai noticed and narrowed her eyes. She didn’t say anything; she didn’t have to. But from the discrete kicks to my shin and the frown on her lips, I could tell she didn’t approve. 
Pay attention!
I smiled back sheepishly. But I already know this stuff.
Kai rolled her eyes. You’re an idiot. You can still learn something.
Mm, can I though?
I hate you.
I covered up a laugh and turned back to the lesson. Kai crossed her arms and huffed; I could tell she’d given up. I smoothed out the latest page in my notebook and snatched a pencil from my backpack. There were still four something hours until lunch. I got started.
Ideas for the ending:
    1. Christoph’s morally ambiguous actions land him in huge trouble. During the final confrontation, Taylor shows up and—
    2. Maybe a plot twist where Christoph and Taylor both die or something? I dunno lol
    3. Did Kai always have that shirt?
It was kind of funny, actually. On the one day I wasn’t all that tired, the one day I was ready to pay a semblance of attention to my classes, time was the sluggish one. Everything was slow. Slow, slow, slow. Maybe I was just never awake enough to feel this way. Maybe Dad had the right idea in making coffee in this morning. Lunch rolled around, and so did an odd buzzing in the back of my skull. Almost like an impatient sixth sense. 
“You look really tired.” Kai’s voice drew me out of my thoughts. She was standing in front of my desk with her bag slung over her shoulder. Class had just gotten out, and a line of people were filing out the doors. She must’ve squeezed past them on her way in.  
I looked up, blinking. “Do I really?”
“No,” she laughed. “Well, maybe a little. I just wanted to get your attention.”
“You could’ve said hi,” I told her. 
“That’s no fun.” She waited until I met her eyes, then smiled. “So, lunch?”
“Now?” I asked. 
“Unless you want to eat lunch later.”
“No, well, I was going to wait for Matt,” I told her.
“Oh, Matt,” she nodded, as if she’d expected this. “I don’t know if you’ve read the group chat, but Matt said he was going to go ask the swim team girl to Boba. You know, the blonde one?”
“Lydia.”
“Yeah, her. He said something about pick-up lines and… history? I don’t know, it was weird.”
I blinked. He moved fast.
“So, lunch?” she asked again.
“Sure.”
I grabbed my bag and followed her out the door. The line of people had abated, and we made it through the corridor in a matter of moments. Down in the lobby, our usual spot was free. It was right beneath the first stone pillar that arched up to the domed ceiling, and I kicked my backpack across the floor before anybody else could claim it. Kai rolled her eyes, lowering her own bag. She took out her sandwich from her lunchbox, then leaned back against the wall. I sunk down next to her and grabbed my own lunch, wrapped up in brown paper. 
“Any luck with the ending?” she prodded, when I took a bite of my sandwich.
I eyed her while I chewed. She made no move to eat, and I shook my head.
“Any luck at all?”
I shook my head again.
“Dang,” she said. “And you worked on it all of class too.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” I asked. 
“Oh, nothing. Just that you’re probably pretty tired.”
I shot her a half-hearted glare. She smiled when our eyes met, and it took me a whole second to realize she was messing with me again. I took another bite, swallowed, and waited as long as possible before replying.
“You suck,” I told her.
“Uh huh,” she laughed.
I gestured at her with my free hand, brushing a few crumbs from my mouth in the process. “What about you? How’s the cover going?” I asked. 
“Oh, it’s going. I have a couple ideas that might work. But I can’t start without—” Kai flinched, like somebody had slapped her. She screwed her eyes shut and pressed a hand to her temple, jerking back with a sharp hiss. I looked on with wide eyes. 
“Um, Kai?” I touched her shoulder, wondering if she was okay. 
“Ow,” she said. 
She was holding her head, her hand moving in slow, unsteady circles. Her temples must’ve been throbbing. I wondered if she was suffering a migraine.  
“Are you okay?” I tried again. 
“Yeah, I’m…” she winced.
“You don’t look fine.”
“My eyes,” she breathed out through her lips. “Sorry, give me a sec.”
Oh.
Up above, a ray of sunlight had lanced through the windows. It must’ve flashed across her eyes. I retracted my hand and waited, my fingers tingling without the warmth of her shirt. I didn’t know where to place them, so I just folded them in my lap and watched. Eventually, her shoulders slumped, and her eyes fluttered open, pink and puffy looking. 
“Ouch,” she murmured.
I handed her my water bottle.
“Thanks.” She took a sip. “My eyes, they’re—”
“Sensitive to light, I know,” I frowned. I motioned for her to drink more. “Doesn’t stop you from watching sunsets though, does it.”
Kai’s cheeks dusted a light pink as she handed the water bottle back to me. “Hey, shut up. They’re pretty.”
I rolled my pair of unsensitive eyes. She reminded me of a kid who was being scolded for looking directly into an eclipse. “Just wear your sunglasses. They’re literally hanging from your shirt,” I said. 
“I do wear them!” she protested. “Just because you never see me wear them doesn’t mean I don’t.”
“Uh huh,” I said.
“I’m being serious!” Her cheeks darkened, and it was probably the most flustered I’d seen her. I took a quick mental screenshot.  
“Okay, sure.”
Kai stuck out her tongue. “Look, whatever. Enough about me. Let’s talk about something else. Let’s talk…”
“Matt’s pick-up lines?” I suggested.
She blinked. “Do they even work?”
“He actually has some pretty good ones.”
“Better than the ‘marry me’ one?”
I recited the line he came up with this morning. “You like history, I like your story, let’s make our story.”
Kai looked taken back. “Wow, he said that?”
“He’s going to,” I said. 
I smiled at her slightly wide eyes and clicked my tongue, nodding. The silence rubber banded for a moment before Kai shook her head. “Okay, anyway. That’s—wow, anyway. Um, how’s the ending?”
“We already talked about this,” I told her.
“I know, but let’s talk, talk about it.”
“What’s there to talk about?”
She shrugged. “Maybe I can give you some ideas.”
“Like what?”
“Like this,” she snapped her finger. “Remember what Mrs. Haley said in class today?”
“Nope.”
“Of course you don’t,” she sighed, and reached inside her backpack to pull out a piece of paper. How she found it that quickly, I had no idea. “Here, check this out,” she said. 
I scanned it. “What is it?” I asked. 
“It’s supposed to be all the symbols in The Great Gatsby,” she said. 
I handed it back to her. “Oh, nice.”
She shook her head. “Not nice.”
“No?”
“No.” She flicked the paper with her finger, and I blinked at how loud the thwap sounded. Her finger found the first entry on the list. “Like, look at this one. A golf club’s supposed to represent his life. Doesn’t that sound stupid?”
“I guess?”
Kai sighed and tucked the piece of paper back into her backpack. “Look, the point is, I get what you meant about symbolism. It’s not something you can force; it’s not something anybody should force. So instead of beating a dead horse, let’s talk about it. Maybe the right ending will pop up.”
I stared at her for a moment, because wow, she’d really listened to me. Then her eyebrows knit together, and she cleared her throat.   
“Oh, right,” I said.
“Great,” she smiled. 
There was another expectant pause, and I realized she wanted me to do the talking. That seemed hardly faired (because she was the one who offered to give me ideas), but I racked my brain anyway. “Um, okay. Well, I’ve been taking notes too, and—”
My phone buzzed, loudly. 
It vibrated in my pocket with the intensity of a call. I fished it out, blinking. Who was calling me at school? The number turned out to be one I didn’t recognize, so I let it ring for a few more moments before setting it down. That way, whatever telemarketer on the other end of the line wouldn’t have to feel so bad. 
“Sorry about that,” I turned back to Kai.
“S’okay,” she said. “Who was it?”
“No idea. Probably some dude who wants to sell me a futon.”
Kai cracked a smile. “Right. You were saying?”
“Um—”
My phone buzzed again. This time, louder. It slipped from my lap and clattered to the floor, where it rattled like a child throwing a temper tantrum. I picked it up, turning it over with trepidation. Something cold began churning in my stomach.   
Kai leaned over. “Wow. Someone’s popular.”
I shook my head, tapping on the screen. “No, I’m…” 
I froze. The caller ID was the same as last time’s. 
“Chris?”
The churning in my stomach formed a pit of ice and sunk. Like a whole swarm of butterflies plummeting beneath the waves. I heard the phone ring two more times before lifting it to my ear.
“H-Hello?” I said. 
The call crackled, then a familiar voice came on, “Hello? Chris?”
I almost dropped the phone. “Doc?” I breathed out. 
“Hey, kid. Something’s come up,” he said. 
“What?” 
“Where are you?”
“School, but—”
“Alright listen. You need to come to the hospital first chance you get.”
Static hissed for one, terrible second.
“It’s your dad.”

SIXTEEN
The elevator groaned to life. 
Cold, splotchy metal, boxing me in like an isolation cell. Dimly lit buttons that had the numbers scraped off. Up four floors to the Cancer Ward, and a stranger’s arm wrapped around my shoulder, her voice low and soft. 
How old are you, buddy?
F-Fourteen. Is Dad—?
He’ll be okay. He’ll be alright.
I screwed my eyes shut. The elevator lurched onto floor two, and the memories came rushing back. Dad’s head lolling as they wheeled him away. The panic in my chest, strangling each and every breath because he wasn’t smiling. How cold my bones were outside the operation room. The fourteen-hour wait. The only words that tumbled through my mind, over and over and over.
Not again. Please, not again.
Floor three passed, and I felt like I was going to throw up. My head felt too hot; my chest housed a castle of ice. My breaths, labored as they were, sounded like thunder to my ears. I fumbled for my water bottle and pressed it to my lips. It spilled down my chin, ruining the collar of my shirt.  
Finally, the elevator doors scraped open to the fourth floor, and I stumbled into the lobby. A couple of people looked up, their expressions unreadable as they eyed me. Most had their heads buried in their hands. In the corner of the room, a familiar chair remained unoccupied. The cracked leather split as I sat down, giving under the weight of tension. It seemed like so long ago when I’d curled up in this exact same spot—waiting, waiting, waiting. An entire night and half the next day. The wait dragged on. I felt like I was falling. To try and control my breaths, I started counting.
Five, six, seven—
“Chris.” A familiar face rounded the corner.
I looked up. Dr. Monroe’s coat, long and white, filled my vision. He towered above me like a solemn knight, like a presence that loomed larger than life. His face was a granite mask, betraying nothing. His eyes were gray. I shook his outstretched hand. 
“It’s nice to see you again, kid,” he said.
I nodded, unable to speak. 
“Come on,” he gripped my shoulder. “Let’s go see your dad.”
We walked in silence. He led, I followed numbly. We moved down a hallway and past a handful of doors that seemed to blend together. The only sounds that echoed were our footsteps against the floor, until even the whispers of the waiting room receded into nothingness. I couldn’t hear myself breathe. I kept counting.
Hundred and two, hundred and three, hundred and four—
Dr. Monroe stopped in front of a door that looked like the rest. It was tall and tan, with a single window and blinds from the back. A box of facemasks hung from the wall, the lid peeling back like an upper lip. He gestured for me to put one on. I did so despite the shaking in my fingers.
“You ready?” he asked.
I nodded.
“Let’s go.” He pushed open the door.
The inside of Dad’s room was how I remembered it. Small, and white, and dim. Even through the facemask, I could taste the faint stench of bleach that clung to the walls. It stuck to my tongue like a film of rancid glue and soured my breath. In the furthest corner of the room was a metal cart, beeping with lights and dials. In the center was a big mechanical bed.
Before I even saw him, my lungs had already squeezed shut. The air caught in my throat, and I couldn’t breathe. Images from two years ago played in my mind like the black and white staccato of a silent film. I saw the same hospital room, teeming with nurses and doctors. I saw the same machine, working for so long it was hot to the touch. Then, I saw Dad.
Hooked up to a dangling jungle of clear plastic tubes, he wasn’t moving.
The world spun, and I swayed unsteadily. My breaths came in shallow gasps. 
Three hundred thirty-eight, three hundred thirty-nine, threehundrednoplease—
Dad’s eyes fluttered open, puffy and pink, like he’d spent hours crying. He looked terrible. His lips were dry and cracked, worse than the desert that filled my own mouth. His face was pale, and his temples were sunken and sagged. Still, despite everything, he smiled when he saw me. My throat burned when he spoke, his voice a raspy whisper.
“Hey, kiddo,” he said. 
The air in my lungs rushed back. “Dad,” I managed. 
Dad gestured for me come closer. I stumbled to his side, almost tripping on the way there. 
“And I thought I was the sick one,” his smile twitched when I sat down.
“Dad—”
“I know, I know.”
I swallowed, shaking my head. How could he know? He didn’t know. My heart was so loud it beat in my chest and my head and my veins. It drowned out all thoughts, and there was only one thing I could say. 
“Dad.”
He chuckled. A brittle, coughing thing. “You said that already.”
Dad took my hands in his and traced the grooves between my knuckles. If he noticed how clammy and sweaty they were, he didn’t comment on it. He just kept going, leaving little trails of fire across my skin. We sat there until five hundred and eight, and gradually, with every pass he made over my hands, my breaths slowed down and my chest filled up. Like somebody was packing my organs back into my gut.  
“Sorry for scaring you,” he murmured, when I could hear my thoughts again.  
My voice crawled back to me. “It’s okay,” I said.  
“Have you eaten yet?” he asked. 
“A little.”
“How’d you get here?”
“I ran.”
“You must be tired. Let me get you some water.”
“I’m okay.”
“Some water will help. Trust me. It’s no big deal.”
“Dad, I’m okay—”
“Just need to press this button—”
“Dad—”
“A nurse will bring—”
“Dad!”
Dad flinched and turned away. I looked at him, miserably. Something painful tugged at his face, at his lips and at his cheeks. He looked almost resigned. 
“Dad,” my voice cracked. “What happened?”
He sighed, “I was being stupid.” His voice was underlined with the sting of defeat, and there was a pause as he struggled for the right words. My stomach churned like oceans. “I forgot to take my meds last night, and I wanted to go for a run this morning. It didn’t end well.” There was another pause, then he smiled. “Kind of dumb of me, wasn’t it?”
My heart plummeted. His smile didn’t reach his eyes.
“Dad,” I said.
“Hm?”
“Dad.”
He sighed again. This time, his smile was wry. “I can never get anything past you.”
“Dad,” I said. “Please—”
“Alright. Alright,” he said. “I was working late again.”
I squeezed my eyes shut. Somehow, I already knew he was going to say that. 
“H-How long?” I was almost afraid to ask. 
“Just the past few weeks.”
“Dad, you’re not supposed to—!”
“I know,” he looked at me with a small smile. “I know. I’m sorry.”
There was a moment where neither of us could speak, and the silence stretched so deep and loud it seemed to swallow the entire room. I focused on keeping my breaths even. Six hundred eighty-eight. Six hundred eighty-nine. Six hundred ninety. When I spoke again, it was past seven hundred.
“So, what happens now?” I asked. My voice cracked towards the end, but I ignored it.
Dad scratched his cheek. “Do you want to hear the good news or the bad news first?”
“The good.”
Dad nodded. “Well, the good news is I was lucky. My condition hasn’t worsened. All I have to do is hold on until the surgery.”
“And the bad?” I felt my toes curl.  
Seven hundred twenty. Seven hundred twenty-one— 
“The bad news is I can’t come home.”
Seven hundred twenty-two, and the world froze. 
“What?” I said.
 Dad’s eyes flickered down. His hands were folded across his lap, but his thumbs started bumping against each other. “The doctors said the only way to keep my condition under control is to keep me here. Stress free. At least, until my surgery’s done.”
I choked on the words. “But, Dad—”
“Hey,” he said. “Kiddo, we’ll be fine.”
“Dad, you can’t—”
“Chris, I promise. We’ll be okay.”
“But the bills—”
“Will be paid.”
I glared at him, hot tears welling in my eyes. “You can’t seriously be thinking—”
“I’m not, I’m not. Don’t worry. We’ll use our savings.”
“We don’t have enough. I’ll—”
“Kiddo.” Dad placed his hand over mine. There was an air of finality in his voice, like he didn’t want to talk about this anymore. “We’ll be fine.”
I swiped at my eyes.
“Hey, don’t be like that,” he said. I bruised my cheeks with the back of my hands, and he squeezed, gently. “You just need to be home alone for a bit. That’s not so bad; you loved it as a kid. I’ll set you up with groceries and money for fast food. And you can do ‘homework’ all day.” 
He put up air quotes with a smile. The IV drips bubbled when he moved.
I wiped away the remaining tears. “W-What do you mean?” 
“Come on, kiddo,” he said. “I know about alt-tab.”
“That doesn’t—”
“Two words: search history.”
My cheeks heated up, and I didn’t know what to say. Dad smiled at the silence he created. He thumbed the corner of my lips and lifted them, up and down, up and down, until I batted his hand away. The smile never left his face. The silence was soothing for the first time since I’d stepped into the room. 
“See?” he said. “We’ll be okay.”
A small pause held tight to eight hundred. “Okay,” I whispered.
“And don’t forget, you can visit me too,” he said. 
“I will.” I kept my eyes downcast. “Every day.”
“No, not every day.”
“What?”
“You still have school, kiddo.”
“Who cares—”
“Kiddo.”
“Dad, it’s just school. I don’t—”
“No!”
I jerked back, wide-eyed. Dad fixed me with a hard look.
“I’m serious too,” he said, straightening up in bed. I was speechless. “It’s not just school, it’s your future. And I’m not going to let you jeopardize yourself for an old man like me. There’s absolutely no way. Do you understand?”
I felt myself nod.
His eyes softened. “Good. Now, you can come visit me on weekends, probably on Sundays. Saturdays are still my check-up days. Maybe you can even bring some of your famous red sauce spaghetti. God knows I’ll get tired of hospital food.”
I was quiet, so he nudged my hand. “Okay?”
I nodded again. Dad ruffled my hair. He cupped my face, resting a hand over the flimsy fabric of the facemask and traced his thumb along my jaw. His touch was blisteringly hot.
“Hey,” he said. “Your dad’s going to be alright. Don’t worry about me. Just focus on school, and I’ll take care of everything else. Okay?”
I wet my lips. The familiar words cut through the fog and reverberated in my head like the ringing of a bell. It jostled my system enough for me to look up. 
“Okay,” I said.
Dad smiled. “Now, tell me about our deal. What do you have so far?”
When I left, he was still smiling. 
I found myself at a street corner two blocks away when reality came crashing back. One moment, he was reassuring me that everything would be okay, and the next, he was asking about Matt and my friends at school. The smile never left his lips—not once during the entire time, and I’d let myself believe in it again. I never even remembered leaving.
Eight hundred ninety-seven. Eight hundred ninety-eight. Eight hundred ninety-nine—
I steadied myself against a nearby pole. The pit in my stomach reopened, swallowing up the shards of ice that formed. The sudden urge to curl up in a ball and sink to the ground was strong. My breaths grew harsh, but I kept moving. I needed to keep moving. 
It was stupid; everything was hitting me at once. The world was on fire, and this was actually happening, and all I could think about was how history was repeating itself. He’d smiled the exact same smile as last time, and I’d been stupid enough to believe it again. I clenched my fists so hard my nails broke skin and drew blood. So fucking stupid.
Nine hundred fifty-five. Nine hundred fifty-six. Nine hundred fifty-seven—
I took a deep breath. No. No. Last time I was fourteen, and utterly helpless as they wheeled him away, blue-lipped and comatose. But this time around, I was different. Sixteen. This time around, I could help. 
What can you do? A sinister voice whispered in the back of my mind. You’re not going to help. Not really. Everything you do won’t matter if Dad doesn’t get better. 
“Shut up,” I squeezed my eyes shut. “Shut up.”
I tripped.
The world blurred, and I fell. There was a sharp crack as I slammed into the concrete, a red-hot flare of pain that lanced up my elbow—and then, a dull ringing in my ears. I laid there, disoriented, as my breath slowly came back to me. My eyes fluttered open. The world was sideways.
That’s when I noticed my notebook. It’d fallen out of my backpack and landed in a puddle.
“No!”
I scrambled over even as my heart fell. I picked it up, but the water had already soaked through half the pages, running them dirty and gray. The words I’d written over the past few weeks, all the ideas and endings I’d carved out at three in the morning, were now discolored and fading. In a few moments, they’d disappear. 
Nine hundred ninety-seven. Nine hundred ninety-eight. Nine hundred ninety-nine—
I could do nothing but stare. 
The murky street water dripped down like tears. Cold and unforgiving. I hugged the notebook to my chest. Everything wobbled. I cried.
One thousand.

SEVENTEEN
I don’t remember when I stopped counting, but it must’ve been some time.
The sun had grown red and hot in the waning afternoon, like it’d been dipped in lava. Tangy amber limbs cast long stripes of shadow onto street corners; everybody I passed paused to take out their phones. I didn’t. I kept walking, eyes down, and soldiered through the crowds. Past the skateboarding kids. The walls of mottled graffiti. The lone street busker, playing his beaten down guitar. 
I got to my house as the sun touched down.
“Yuugata,” a voice said. 
I looked up.
Kai sat on the stairs of my apartment complex, her feet on the second lowest step. The metal creaked and groaned when she pushed herself up, but held together admirably. A crown of sunlight caught the top of her hair. It made her almost too bright to look at. I blinked a few times.
“It means sunset,” she said. “A beautiful sunset, like today. Did you see?”
I shook my head.
“Dang. Well, it was pretty.” Kai came to stand in front of me. Her eyes narrowed as she looked me up and down, like she was perusing one of her drawings. I stopped myself from taking a step back. 
“You’re bleeding,” she said, quietly. She took my hand and turned my wrist over. A bloody scrape was there, marring my palm. Like bright red scores against sandpaper. I hadn’t even noticed.
Her grip tightened. “What happened?”
“I fell,” I said. 
“Hm.” She scrutinized the wound. “Does it hurt?”
“No.”
“Good.”
Kai sighed and reached into her back pocket. She fished out an object and placed it in my palm. The corners of her lips dipped, before pressing into a thin line. 
“Here,” she said. “Try not to lose it again, okay?”
I looked down; it was my phone. “Oh, thanks,” I said. 
Silence stretched for one long moment, filling the space between us with greasy air and garbled restaurant noise. A flock of birds cast fluttering shadows from overhead. Kai clapped her hands together with a smile. “So um, did you want to get some Boba? Or, I dunno, maybe we can grab a coffee? It’s a nice afternoon. Beautiful sunset.”
I looked down. “I’m okay,” I told her. “M’lactose.”
“What? No, you’re not,” Kai frowned. “You eat pizza.”
“Oh, yeah.”
She wrangled her fingers. “Okay, how about a movie? They have that new one coming out. The anime one, the one Matt won’t shut up about.”
I shook my head. “Sorry. I think I’m too tired.”
“Oh, okay.”
There was another stretch of silence, and I stared down at my toes. Then, she said, “Do you always make up crappy excuses when something’s wrong, or is that just a recent thing?”
“Nothing’s wrong,” I told her. 
“Uh, huh.” Kai blew a strand of hair out of her face. 
“Really, nothing’s wrong.”
“No, no, I believe you. It’s just, maybe you should get some makeup remover for those raccoon eyes. Or do you want me to believe you have iron deficiency?”
I looked away. “Kai—”
“What happened today?” Her question was firm, sudden. It belied the tautness of a wire about to snap. She took a deep breath. “Y-You just left. I mean, ran out. Who does that? I had to explain to Matt and Ms. Dawson and everyone that you had an emergency. Like a…”
Her hands fell to her side. “What happened?”
It was a couple more seconds before I answered. “Nothing,” I said. My voice sounded small, even to me. 
“Chris.”
“Kai—”
“What happened?”
	I clenched my fists, and my palms stung. “Nothing. Seriously, it’s nothing.”
Kai blinked. The fatigue behind my words must’ve convinced her I didn’t want to talk about this anymore, because she nodded after a little longer. I was glad she didn’t try to pressure me for more. Her entire stance relaxed, and she shifted her weight onto her back foot. The tension in my own shoulders flittered away. 
“Alright,” she said.
“Okay,” I said. 
 We stood in silence as the first hues of twilight set in. Kai looked up; I followed her gaze. Copper wisps of blues and purples, and even a few wayward strands of pink, replaced the sunset. They drifted around the city heights and turned a thousand liquid mirrors into tinted metallic oil. The night deepened. The sky darkened. 
“Tasogare,” Kai said. “Twilight.”
“I thought it was kataware-doki,” I said. 
“You got that from an anime.”
“You’re not wrong.”
Kai smiled. “At least you picked a good time to be all mopey and sad.”
“I’m not sad,” I told her. 
“Not sad, sad,” she said, holding up a hand. “But the contemplating life kind of sad. The listening to Taylor Swift kind of sad. The staring up at a ceiling kind of sad. You know?”
I let the ghost of a smile slip. The silence felt comfortable again, and I let a breath of fresh air fill my lungs. “Yeah. Yeah, I do.”
She examined the sky through her fingers. “And I read somewhere that tasogare gives time new meanings. That day is meant for running and jumping and laughing, and night is meant for thinking and writing and feeling. It’s meant for people like you. You’re a night person.”
“It helps me think,” I agreed. “Sometimes, a little too much.”
Kai let out a little laugh.
“What about you?” I asked. “Are you a night person?”
She thought about it for a moment. “Mm, I wouldn’t say that.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah.”
She didn’t offer any more than that, so I returned my gaze skywards. We fell quiet, content to watch the stars come out. It was only after the shadows of skyscrapers blended in with the night that she spoke again.
“You know, I’ve been thinking,” she said. 
“Hm.”
“About the ending.” She turned to me. “I think we’re making it into a much bigger deal than it needs to be.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“I mean we should save it for the end.”
“Well, yeah.”
“No, not like that.” Kai rolled her eyes. She spun her hand in a funnel. “Remember when you said stuff comes to you as you write?”
I nodded. 
“Well, let’s use that. If you keep writing, maybe it’ll come to you.”
I opened my mouth, but she held up a finger. “Because sometimes, we don’t choose how our stories end. Our characters do. Like Zero. You forced a happy ending and it turned out unnatural. But if you’d let Red and Zero speak for themselves, maybe they’d have written something else.”
I shook my head. “Kai, that’s not—I mean, that’s different.”
“Than what?”
“Than symbolism. You’re twisting my words.”
She huffed. “I’m not. It’s the same idea.”
“Kai,” I tried again, but she clasped her hands together.    
“Just give it a shot, okay? Armin Urbutr said he came up with the ending of Dream Catchers in the bathroom, a chapter away from finishing.” One of her hands reached back and brushed a loose strand of hair behind her ear. The other spun in my direction. “Who knows, maybe it’ll happen for you too.”
“I-I don’t know, it sounds really risky,” I said.
“It doesn’t hurt to try.”
“I mean, I guess…”
“Come on,” she thumped me on the arm. “Have a little faith. It’s Armin Urbutr.”
“And I’m Orion,” I said. 
She smiled. “Oh, are you now?”
My cheeks grew warm. I coughed and looked away. 
“So you’ll do it?” she prodded.
After realizing she wouldn’t give up on this (because when did she give up on any of her ideas?), I sighed and dipped my head. 
“Awesome.” Kai grinned. She stood a little straighter. “Then we’re back on schedule. Two thousand words a day, my house every Saturday—”
My stomach dropped. I tasted ashes.
“—and I’ll keep working on the cover,” she said, still smiling. “I have a couple cool ideas. Nothing concrete, of course, but solid enough that I want to flesh them out. See what they look like.”
I swallowed as reality reasserted itself, and broken images of Dad played like a film reel on forefront of my mind. The air grew cold all of a sudden. “Kai, um—”
“They’re really cool. I’ve got one that’s like a black and white frame—”
“Wait,” I tried again, but she kept talking.
“And I’ll have the shadows done, and the title, and everything. Trust me. You’ll love it. It’ll be like hipster Banksy.” 
“Kai,” I shook my head. The words tasted bitter in my mouth. “I-I can’t.”
She stopped, blinking her eyes. “What?”
“I can’t,” I said again. 
“What do you mean you can’t?”
“I mean, I can’t write anymore.”
She let out a disbelieving laugh. “What?”
“Something—something’s come up.”
She shook her head. “Chris, you’re not making sense. I don’t—”
“I’m sorry,” I said. My eyes fell to a crack in the pavement beside her shoes, and I couldn’t bring myself to look back up. I didn’t want to see her eyes. “I’ll um—never mind. I’ll see you on Monday.”
I made to move past her, but Kai grabbed my arm. Her grip was tight and stopped me from moving. I swallowed, because I had a feeling this would happen.
“Kai, please,” I said. 
“No.” She fixed me with a firm look. Her brow was furrowed in concern. “Don’t. I want you to make sense. What’s going on?”
“Nothing—”
“Don’t bullshit me, dude.”
The first tremors of frustration rumbled in my chest, and I suppressed a sigh. I was hoping she’d let the subject drop again. “Kai, I’m telling you. It’s nothing.”
“Yeah, right,” she scoffed.
“I’m serious! Nothing—”
“That’s bullshit!”
“It’s not!”
Kai glared at me. Her fingers twisted my skin, constricting blood flow. “If it wasn’t, you wouldn’t have quit. If it wasn’t, you would’ve have sprinted out of school and worried me half to death. So I’m going to ask you one more time. What’s going on?”
My shoulders drooped, suddenly exhausted. “Just drop it, Kai.”
I took a step, and Kai immediately tightened her grip. Her nails dug into my arm like claws, pressing so sharply one of her fingers scraped against bone. I hissed. It felt like she was trying to pop a vein.  
“Ow, shit! Kai, you’re hurting me!”
Her grip loosened, but she didn’t let go. 
“Sorry,” she said, not sounding sorry at all. “Now tell me what’s wrong.”
I glared at her, feeling my gut boil at the indifference in her voice. Who the hell did she think she was? “I don’t have to—”
She squeezed. 
“Ow, fuck!” A stab of pain flared up my wrists, and I yanked my arm back as hard as I could, trying to get her to let go. She didn’t. Instead, she slammed into me with all the force I pulled her with. I stumbled back, rearing at the unexpected collision. Kai jerked me forwards. Then, we were nose to nose.
Her eyes were dark. A venomous, acidic green. They were red-rimmed and furious. I’d seen her teasing before, I’d seen her upset. This was something else. 
“Tell me,” she hissed. “What’s. Going. On?”
My vision bled red. “I don’t have to tell you anything!” I snarled. “Let go of me!”
I tried to wrench my arm free, but Kai’s grip was merciless. Her fingers were dug deep to the bone, and no matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t break free. I scrabbled at her fingers, but she shoved me back with every attempt. 
I yelled in frustration. “Kai, seriously! Let me go!”
“No!” she yelled right back. “Tell me first!”
“I’m not telling you shit! Just let me go!”
“No!”
“Why the fuck do you care so much?”
“Because I’m your friend, dumbass!”
“Friend’s respect each other’s privacies!”
“Friends also know when to butt in!”
“Well, I don’t want you to butt in! I just want you to leave me alone!”
“No! You’re gonna tell me what’s wrong, and I’m gonna fucking help you!”
“You can’t fucking help me!”
“Yes, I can!”
“No, you can’t!”
“How do you know? You won’t even let me try! Just—”
“Fine!” I shouted. “Fine, fine, fine!” Hot tears welled up in my eyes and spilled over, tracking angry lines down my cheeks. I swiped them away. “You wanna fucking help me?”
“Yes!”
“Then cure cancer!”
Kai froze. There was a moment where we stared at each other, red-faced and heaving, and the world grinded to a halt. I wiped at my eyes again. Hers were wide and glassy.
“What?” she said.
I got right up in her face. “Cure cancer.”
Her grip slackened. “W-What? I don’t—”
The words rolled from my mouth, and once I started, I couldn’t stop. “Two years ago, my dad developed a tumor in his hip. The doctors told him it was harmless, and then one day, he collapsed. Turns out, that fucking tumor was a rare disease called HLH. You wanna know what that means?”
“I—”
“It means he has a fifty-four percent chance of surviving. It means a hospital bill that we might not be able to pay. It means I might never see my dad again! So when I tell you that you can’t fucking help me, it means you can’t fucking help me!”
I screamed the last sentence, scraping my lungs of everything they had. The air was harsh as I sucked back in, leaving me to gag on the rotten taste. I hunched over my knees, heaving. All the blood had rushed to my head. I could hardly breathe. In front of me, Kai had gone silent. She was deathly pale. 
The moment stretched from a second into an eternity. She said nothing, so I didn’t either. I didn’t think I could. The world was swimming in circles. My lungs were red and raw. Up above, a streetlight flickered on, casting a soft limelight that reduced the world to the two of us. 
A couple ragged breaths later, and I was able to cough out, “Look, Kai—”
She hugged me.
I froze as a slender pair of arms drew me close, looping around my neck. She pressed her cheek to mine and squeezed. This time, no blood vessels popped. No sharp stab of pain shot up my arm. Instead, I shuddered at how warm she was, inhaling a mouthful of hair. She tasted like strawberries and cream. Like sleep and a spice I couldn’t name. The tension in my back drained away. I closed my eyes and leaned into her embrace. We stayed like that, with her arms around me and my own arms dangling by my side. My eyes grew hot and wet again. 
“I’m sorry,” she whispered, her lips pressed against my shoulder. “I didn’t know.”
I squeezed my eyes shut. A few tears fell. “It’s okay.”
“I’m sorry,” she said again. 
“It’s alright.”
She pulled away, and her eyes were wet as well. She dabbed at a lone tear trailing down her cheek, then tugged at my shirt sleeve. “I meant about your shirt,” she said.
I looked down. There was a large wet spot. “Oh.”
The corners of her lips tugged up. “Yeah, oh.”
“It’s okay,” I told her. “I’m pretty sure I left snot in your hair.”
This time, she laughed. “You’re terrible.”
The air in between us grew soft and silent, and I took another deep breath.  Kai slipped her hand through mine. She lifted our intertwined fingers, woven like braids, and examined them. I wondered what she was looking for.
“How’s he doing?” she asked, quietly.
“He’s alright.” 
There was a small pause. “Will he get better?”
I let out a sigh. That was a question I wanted answered too. “There’s a surgery in three weeks. Bone marrow transplant. If it works, then he’ll be okay. But…”
“But what?”
I shook my head. “I don’t know.”
“Chris.”
“No, it’s—he’ll be okay.”
“Chris…”
“He’ll be okay,” I repeated.
Kai opened her mouth, then closed it. Her eyes bore into mine. “Okay,” she said. 
I nodded. There was another brief lull as Kai fiddled with the hems of her sleeves. “Will it hurt?” she asked. Her voice was small.
“What?”
“The surgery.”
Bone marrow transplants were extremely painful. Most patients were sedated, then bedridden for weeks after. 
I shook my head. “No.”
“Oh, good,” she squeezed my hand. “Who else knows?” 
“Just Matt,” I told her. “Now, you.”
“Matt, huh?”
“Don’t worry, I liked it better when I told you.”
“Yeah?” she smiled.
“Yeah, you gave me a hug,” I said. 
“He didn’t?”
“He did.”
She shot me a bewildered look. “But, then…”
“You smell better.”
Kai’s mouth fell open, and she stared at me, speechless. I stared right back. There was a moment where I thought my joke wouldn’t land, but when her lips tugged upwards once, twice, and she ducked her head, brushing a loose strand of hair out of her eyes with a small laugh—it managed to be the greatest thing I’d seen all day.
EIGHTEEN
Kai drew me in for another hug. 
Her arms were warm, slender but firm as they snaked behind my back. I shuddered again as her cheek met mine. It was like hugging a superheater. Like taking a hot shower after a rainy day. Tingles of electricity made their way down my spine and to my fingertips, sending waves of heat up to my face. Her scent was sharp against my nose. 
She pulled away, still smiling. “So, better than Matt, huh?”
My cheeks burned, and I looked anywhere but her eyes. 
She let out a small laugh. “Don’t worry. My lips are sealed—”
“I, um—”
“As long as you tell me what I smell like.”
I blinked. “What, seriously?”
“Seriously.”
“Um,” I said. “Well, strawberries—”
“Strawberries are nice.”
“And dryer sheets—”
“And dryer sheets, wow.” Kai covered her smile with a hand. “You really know how to compliment a girl. Strawberries and dryer sheets.”
My own lips twitched. “Strawberries and dryer sheets.”
“It could’ve been worse, you know. I could’ve not worn deodorant.”
“Yeah, I bet you’d smell terrible.
“Mangoes and detergent, really.”
I couldn’t help myself, I laughed. The lamppost above flickered off, leaving us at the mercy of dim, restaurant light. The world expanded back to normal, and a resonating “Fuck!” came somewhere from inside the building. Surprisingly, nobody yelled it back. Kai raised an eyebrow as the lamppost spluttered back to life. I raised my own.
“Married or something?” she said.
“Something,” I said.
 Kai quirked her lips, but said nothing else. I tugged my backpack further up my shoulders and stretched. A joint in my back popped pleasantly. 
“I should get going,” I told her. 
Kai nodded. “Yeah, okay. I’ll see you tomorrow?”
“Tomorrow?”
“At my place. We can do the usual.”
I frowned, not comprehending her words. 
“You know, the usual. On Saturday,” she said. My stomach rolled uneasily. I shifted my weight onto my other leg. 
“Kai, we already talked about this. I can’t,” I told her.
She fell quiet, the smile slipping from her face. Her eyes never left mine.
“I can’t,” I said again. “My dad, he’s…”
Kai looked down, clenching her fists. I swallowed the lump that formed in my throat. No, no way. Not again. I had thought we were past this. That she understood what I was going through. In that moment, dreading another confrontation, I never even noticed how conflicted she looked. How swollen her bottom lip was. 
“You can,” she said at last. 
“Kai—”
“It’s your dad in the hospital, not you.” Her voice grew, and so did the pressure in the air. I stared at her in disbelief. I couldn’t believe we were doing this again. “You still have the time. And we can still finish, I know we can!” she said. 
When I didn’t respond, she kept going. “And your dad, he’ll be so proud! You can show him after we’re done. Think about it. H-He’ll be so proud.”
Something cold churned in my gut. “Kai, you—”
“You can do it! I know you can!”
“Do you even hear yourself?”
“Of course—”
“You’re asking me to work on a book, a book!—when my dad could die!” I shook my head. “I don’t care how proud he’ll be. I just want to make sure he lives.”
“Well, you can’t help him!” she said. 
 My face grew hot with anger. “The hell—”
“You can’t!” she cried, taking a step forward. “You’re not—you’re not a doctor. And you don’t know how to cure cancer. The best thing you can do is to keep your head up. Trust me. I know. Please.”
I took a breath to calm my boiling nerves. “Look—”
“We can still finish,” she said. “Please.”
Seconds passed. I shook my head. “No.”
“If you’d just—”
I made to move past her, but she blocked my way. Her fists were clenched at her sides. Her eyes were chips of hard rock. I took another deep breath, wondering if she really thought she was helping. If in some stupid, twisted reality, she really thought finishing a book was the best thing to do in this situation. Thinking about it turned my gut into a pit of lava.
“Let me go,” I told her. 
“Please, if you just—”
“Kai, let me go.”
She let out a winding breath of her own. There was steel in her voice when she spoke. “Not until you give me a good reason.”
The lava pits sent a splattering wave up my throat, scorching my tonsils. I bit out, harshly, “I already gave you a good reason. You’re not—” 
“No, you didn’t!” she shot back, jaw just as clenched as mine. She stepped forward until we were nose to nose, and I could feel her breaths hot against mine. I glared. She glared. “Look, I’m sorry your dad’s in the hospital. And I’m sorry this shit’s happening to you. But it doesn’t mean you have to stop writing. If anything, it’s the opposite.”
“How the hell—”
“Because you can’t do anything for him!”
A scathing retort was on the tip of my tongue—about the assignments, about just how much I could do for him, about just how much I needed to do for him, but Kai cut me off again. She jabbed a finger into my chest, nail biting into skin.
“I’ve seen this before,” she said. “You can’t give everything up just because life kicks you down. You need to keep moving. And we’ve worked too damn hard to give this up.”
“You haven’t even done anything!” I said. A stab of vindication swelled at the hurt in her eyes. “It’s my book, and I get to choose when I finish. Not some stupid deadline!”
Kai flinched, glancing away for a fraction of a second. Vindication struck again and twisted, gleefully. I stepped back and re-shouldered my backpack. My skin stung from the cold.
“It’s not happening. Not matter what you say,” I told her.
This time, when I stepped around her, she made no move to intercept. She looked like the world had been ripped out from beneath her. Like all of the stars had been stolen from her sky. I got to the first step of the staircase before a voice choked out, “Wait!”
I sighed, a growl halfway to my lips. “Kai, I already told you—”
“Her name was Sakurai!”
I froze. 
“M-My best friend,” she said. “Her name was Sakurai.”
Something chilled in my bones, resonating in my ribs, and turned me around. The name echoed like a bell in my chest—ringing, ringing, ringing. Like the memory of a dream I couldn’t remember. For a moment, I forgot how to breathe.  
A single tracked down Kai’s face. She wiped it away, displacing the wetness in her eyes. She was shaking. “And she went through the same thing, two years ago. Before she died.”	
My mouth dried up. I wet my lips. 
“She was a writer, and she loved writing. Words, and sentences, and poems, and stories. She wrote a story a day until her fingers gave out. Even then, she didn’t stop.” Her eyes, red-rimmed and raw, found mine. “That’s why you can’t either.”
“Kai—”
“No!” her voice cracked beneath the weight of her words. I took a step back as she surged forward, closing the distance in a matter of heartbeats. “Y-You can’t. Because she didn’t. She didn’t. Don’t you get it? A girl with half a life wanted to be a writer. She knew she’d never make it past sixteen, or kiss a boy, or stand on top of roofs and watch the stars come out and eat mint chocolate chip ice cream—”
She broke off, trembling. There was a pause as she sniffled. “She never got any of that. But she still wanted to write. She never stopped writing. So you can’t. You can’t.”
My throat twisted painfully. I fought for the right words to say.
“You don’t understand,” I managed. “My dad—”
“Will still be here.” She took another step, and suddenly, we were toe to toe. She wiped at her nose with the back of her hand. I could make out the pain in her eyes. “He’ll still be here. S-So you have to write. You have to.”
I shook my head. “You don’t understand.” My voice sounded weak, even to me. 
“Understand what?”
“That’s—I can’t…”
“Can’t what?”
I looked away. Dad’s smile burned like a star in the back of my mind. 
“Nothing,” I whispered. “Never mind.”
She shoved me. 
I stumbled back, rearing at the unexpected collision. Then her fingers were around my arm again, clamping down so hard my bones creaked. She grabbed a fistful of my shirt with her other hand and jerked me closer. Her lips were moving. She was yelling.
“You’re such a dick! Don’t you fucking get it? Don’t you fucking get it—?”
She shoved me again, her fist punching into my sternum. I saw red. 
“Let go of me!” I slapped her hand away. 
All the air in my lungs rushed back, ice-cold and writhing and all too much. Kai lurched back, wide-eyed. I got right back in her face, tears burning hot and raw, lashing out at the air. 
“This isn’t some kind of fucking pity contest!” I spat. “My dad’s in the fucking hospital. You don’t get to stand there and judge me—”
“Your dad’s in the hospital, but you’re not! You can still—”
“You’re not even listening to me! You’re not—!”
“What, are you scared? Is that it? Are you too fucking scared to—”
“I’m not!”
“You are! You’re fucking terrified! You don’t even have the balls to finish what you started! What you promised! You’re—!”
“Stop fucking interrupting me!”
I glared at her, heaving. She glared back, her breaths just as harsh. Her eyes were so dark they looked black. The air filled with a red-hot electricity, singing the space between us. I couldn’t believe her fucking nerve. The words came to me, biting like ice. 
“You don’t know anything. The things I’ve have to do. The things I still need to do.” Kai opened her mouth, but I cut her off. “You think it’s so easy. Well, it’s not.”
“I never said—”
“My dad’s a programmer. Free-lance.” Her jaw clicked shut. I continued a breath later. “And when he got sick, the doctors told him he couldn’t work anymore. Too much stress. Too many hours.”
I glared at the ground. My next words almost wouldn’t come, but I forced them to. “And the hospital bill’s expensive. W-We can’t afford it. That’s why I’ve been working, doing his job for him. It’s why I can’t write.”
Kai’s eyes went wide.
I continued on ruthlessly. “I come home from school every day, and I do homework until I make dinner. And then, I sit down for five, six hours and work. Code.”
Disbelief colored her words. “You mean, you—”
“Yes.”
Kai swallowed. “How much do you make?”
“Not enough.” I found her eyes again, forcing her to hold my gaze. “Do you understand? I can’t write anymore. I don’t have time to be selfish. The book can wait. There’s always some other time. But my dad—right now, I have to work.”
“Chris—”
“I have to.”
Silence set in, long and loud. Kai’s features were torn between pain and dismay. She opened her mouth, but nothing came out, suffocated by the weight of my words. Now that she knew the truth, I found myself breathing a little easier. Maybe she’d finally understand. 
“But,” she said. “if you manage your time—”
I turned around without another word. 
“Wait!” she called out. “Please, just—”
I kept walking. I was so angry I couldn’t think. My chest felt hot. My stomach felt hot. My temples burned so bad I could hardly see. The creaking of the stairs drowned out her words and provided a much-needed respite, like water in a desert. I fished out my keys and unlocked the door to the hallway. The key slipped in, twisted, and caught. She continued yelling.
“Don’t do this! She looked up to you! She looked up to you!”
I grabbed the doorknob and pulled.
“Chris, stop!”
Shreds of city light cut through the darkness, illuminating several apartments. A loud crash came from somewhere above me, followed by a string of profanities. They were harsh, like words screamed in another language. They weren’t half as harsh as what I wanted to yell back. Though to whom, I wasn’t sure. 
The door slammed shut behind me, and the blood in my head roared. Through the window, I heard her yell, “You’re a writer, aren’t you?”
I covered my ears and sank to the floor. 
Shut up. Shut up. Shut up.
“Aren’t you?”
Shut up.

NINETEEN
Kai stopped yelling after a while, but I could still hear her voice in my head. All the doors in the apartment were shut. The windows were locked and the curtains, drawn. Even the lights were off. Still, her words, like a pair of symbols crashing by my ears, reverberated through my skull.
She said the same thing she’d been saying for hours.
You’re a writer, aren’t you?
She’d said it while I was cooking dinner, when I’d accidentally left the stove on for too long and burned the ramen. She’d said it while I was washing the dishes, with the water so hot it left angry red splotches over my skin. She’d said it when I sunk to my knees, crying silent tears, punching the floorboards over and over again. 
She kept saying it.
After my tear ducts had run dry, and I was too exhausted to feel much of anything anymore, I stumbled into my room and collapsed into bed, dizzy and spent. It was dark. The curtains were drawn. It occurred to me that Dad must’ve taken the time to hit all the lights in the house before he went off to the hospital. The thought almost made me laugh. It was just like him.
On the dresser besides me, the clock read nine. I turned my head to watch the ceiling.  
Even at night, in the dimly lit room of swimming city lights, the wooden scars above were still visible. Jagged impressions of drywall and paint. Tonight, they were darker, more jaded. They didn’t look like the stars in my old room. They didn’t look like them at all. Still, I closed my eyes and imagined them to life—the yellow crescent moon, and the hundreds of little lights that circled it. For a moment, I wondered what things would be like if Grandma was still here and Dad wasn’t sick. I wondered what I’d give up. 
The answer came to me, mingling with Kai’s voice in my head.
Anything.
A soft ping lit up my phone screen; it was a notification from Sheen. A dozen more people had commented on my latest story. I clicked the screen shut and placed it under my pillow. Kai was right about one thing, at least. Nights were meant for thinking, writing, and feeling.
I did all three.
Why me? Why not some asshole from Queens?
Maybe it’s karma.
In another life, could I have been normal? Could I have just been some kid, living from day to day, worrying about grades and high school drama and video games? Maybe I’d have a ton of friends. Maybe I’d stay up late watching movies. Maybe I’d have five-hour phone conversations with a girl. Maybe I’d enjoy it.
I gripped my pencil so tight the wood groaned.
Yeah.
That sounds nice. 
The water-logged pages of my notebook crinkled and squished together under my touch. They were still damp, gray under the lamplight. I didn’t have the heart to rip them out. Instead, I kept writing, penciling the words why, why, why until lead broke through the page I was on, and the gray of graphite turned into the gray of street water.
I slammed my forehead against the desk. The thunk that followed only made Kai’s voice louder. Gray dripped down my brow and past my eyes. I felt like crying. 
That night, I dreamt of a girl with glimmering green eyes, her feet dangling over the precipice of a grand skyscraper, looking out over an endless city.
My phone woke me up the next morning. I’d forgotten I left it under my pillow, so when it vibrated with the intensity of a text, it (rudely and quickly) pulled me from sleep. I fished it out and squinted at it through bleary eyes.
A thousand and one texts greeted me. All of them were from Matt.
Bro where u at? Lunch is almost over.
U good? 
Chris pick up.
Quiz in 5. Get ur ass over here.
Bro Dawson’s pissed, what r u doing?????
Holy SHIT Kai just told me what happened. She has ur phone, so when u get this u better call me back. She’s really fking confused and worried—we both are. She doesn’t know what’s going on, but I think I do and I really hope I’m wrong.
Text me back asap. I’m kinda freaking out.
Chris? U should’ve gotten ur phone by now. R u okay? Is ur dad okay? Do u need anything?
Chris???????
I really hope I’m overreacting. I really hope its not ur dad, or u, or anything related to any of u. 
Please tell me I’m overreacting
“ur overreacting- edgyboi2018”
Oh, thanks Chris. Nice of u to respond.
Bro just text me back T-T
Bruhhhhh
AHHHHH okokok. Just lmk if I can do anything to help. Anything. Literally anything.
>:)
NVM ignore that last text lol
Or not
Up to u
>:)
Okay, but forreal though, lmk if u need anything. Also, if u can’t tell, I’m kinda freaking out here so sorry about the spam lol. 
Hope everything’s alright. Hope it was just an emergency booty call or a really sudden 5K that u had to run. Please please please text or call me back whenever u read this.
Seriously I mean that last part.
Do it or I’ll kick ur ass (in game)
I cracked a smile, and quickly sent him a text of my own. 
	Yo.
He responded mere seconds later:
Holy FUCK ur alive! Thank god dude. U had me worried for a hot sec
Me:	Yeah. Sorry about that. My phone was dead. 
Matt:	All good bro. Is everything okay?
Me:	Kinda
Matt:	What happened?
Me:	Well, my dad’s in the hospital. 
Matt:	WHAT???? Is he okay??
Me:	Yeah he’s fine. They just need him there for monitoring and stuff. He didn’t get worse or anything, thank god.
Matt:	Yeah seriously. Thank god. How long’s he there for?
Me:	Till the surgery
Matt:	The surgery?
Me:	Yeah. Bone marrow transplant. First or second week of April
Matt:	Holy fuck
Me:	He’ll be okay. 
Matt:	Oh of course! He for sure will be. Definitely. I know it. 
Me:	Yeah.
Matt:	Yeah
Me:	What?
Matt:	Nothing
Me:	Okay
Matt:	It’s just that ur being extra emo
Me:	I’m not emo
Matt:	Boy don’t even start
Me:	*rolls eyes*
Matt:	Boyyyyy do that again and u aboutta catch these hands
Me:	Bro your arms are literally twigs
Matt:	Bro don’t even start with me. If u turned sideways, I’d only see an L
Me:	You look like a Walmart bargain sale
Matt:	U look like the bargain sale of a garage sale
Me:	You look like you play Fortnite
Matt:	U look like u play League of Legends
Me:	You can’t even spell you correctly
Matt:	U can’t even spell u correctly
Me:	Bro don’t make me use my ultimate	 move. 
Matt:	Bro it won’t even hurt 
Me:	I’m warning you this isn’t even my final form yet
Matt:	DO IT THEN NO BALLS
Me:	wait, what?
Matt:	OKAY DO ME DIRTY 
Me:	you’re uh… you’re making it kinda weird
Matt:	UR MAKING IT WEIRD 
Me:	no you?
Matt:	NO NO U
Me:	After your lunch date with Lydia, she told me you two were history 
Matt:	… Bro
Me:	>:)
Matt:	Ok u win
I couldn’t help it, I laughed. The sound bubbled from my throat and rolled off my tongue, accompanied by a breath of fresh air. With the sudden inhale came a pool of sunlight. It poured through the curtains, lathering my windowsills with a soft, golden glow. My bedsheets grew warm, the heat seeping beneath my thighs. The room grew warm. I waited for Matt to send his next text.
It took him a few seconds, but my heart swelled at his words.
I know I already said this or whatever, but seriously, lmk if you or your dad ever need anything. I’m your guy. I might not be able to do a lot, but if there’s anything at all, don’t hesitate to call. I’m here for you bro <3 (Also suck it I spelled you correctly)
Me:	Matt…
Matt:	Hey don’t get all sappy on me now. I’ll get u back next time
Me:	In your dreams
Matt:	no me
I laughed again.
Me:	Thanks man. I needed that.
Matt:	I know
I closed out of the messaging app with a smile on my face. The sun spared a splintering beam of light that soaked through my bones and passed over my skin, sending shivers to my fingertips. It occurred to me how often this happened. I would tell Matt something about my dad, and he’d find a way to cheer me up. Always. My smile grew, and so did the fluttering in my chest. 
The pillow hummed with another message. 
Hey dude, could you also check in on Kai? She’s not responding to my texts and calls and stuff (probs because it’s me lolol). But just let her know you’re okay? She was worried as shit yesterday.
The smile fled from my lips. I felt my stomach plummet.
Yesterday’s events, from behind the foggy morning haze and the desert in my throat, slithered to the forefront of my mind. Kai’s voice, repeating the same words over and over again. The screams that’d torn at my throat. Brutal memories that had remained buried under an entire night’s worth of restless sleep floated to the surface. My stomach tied itself into knots. I felt like I was going to be sick.
That’s right, I had lost it. She was being so damn unreasonable and I’d lost it. I’d screamed at her, cursed, and said so many things that were uncalled for. My gut churned as I scrolled through my phone. A thousand and one texts from Matt, and not a single one from Kai.
My fingers gripped the phone a little tighter. It didn’t feel right. 
The worst part was, I had no idea how to deal with it.
Because it wasn’t my fault—okay, maybe it was a little bit, but it was mostly hers. She was the one who kept pushing me to finish a stupid book, even though Dad was in the hospital. She was the one who kept grabbing my wrist and shoving me and hugging me. She was the one who started it. She’d raised her voice first.
 The argument sounded stupid, even as the first words formed in my mind. I collapsed back into my pillow with a groan.
“Stupid,” I told the ceiling. “Stupid, stupid, stupid. Why am I even thinking about this?
The answer came to me in Kai’s voice. Because you’re stupid. Duh. 
I covered my eyes with an arm. “Alright, okay,” I said. 
Then I texted her.
	Yo.
My incredibly well-thought out message didn’t get a response from her, not even after a few minutes, and I felt an odd something bubble up in my chest. The silence stretched on, pulling like a rubber band. I stared at the cold blank screen for a little while more, then buried my head in my hands. 
Yo? Seriously?
I sent another text, cheeks warming as the seconds ticked by—
	Um
—and immediately winced. Kai laughed at me from the back of my mind.  
I shook my head and took a deep breath, trying to refocus on the task at hand. It was one apology text; how hard could that be? Several deep breaths later, and I was still staring at the screen, fingers frozen over the keyboard. It was like there was a mental block (probably because we had come close to killing each other last night), and I just couldn’t bring myself to do it. Then I heard it again: the same five words. 
You’re a writer, aren’t you?
Once my fingers typed the first word, they didn’t stop. 
Hey…
Wow lol I think you can already tell this is serious just because I added the … at the end.
Anyway
I’m really sorry about yesterday. Most of the things I said were way out of line, and I shouldn’t have yelled at you or cursed you out or anything like that. Matt told me about how you were super worried about me, and how you pretty much ran to my place the second school was out and waited there for me for like a whole two hours lol. So thank you for that, because, you know. 
But um, I think you were also being kind of unreasonable yesterday. I don’t know, I think we’re both at fault. I get that I shouldn’t have unloaded all that crap about my dad on you without any warning, but you also shouldn’t have pushed me to do something I didn’t want to do. 
	And I still don’t. I’m sorry.
I wish it was different. In another life, in some other time, I would’ve loved to write the book with you. I would love to do nothing but write. But I can’t now, because of Dad. I can’t now, because life doesn’t work like that. And I can tell myself different and so can you, but nothing we say will change the present. It sucks, but that’s the way it is.
And I’m sorry about your friend too. Nobody deserves to die that early. And in a morbid sense, I guess it’s kind of good she never got to see me like this. She probably wouldn’t have looked up to me then.
Sorry, I don’t know why I sent that.
Lol Matt used to show me his huge blocky paragraph texts with other girls but I never imagined I’d send one myself
Sorry, ignore that one too.
Anyway
I guess when you see this, just text me back.
Or not
You don’t have to, I mean. But I’d like it if you did.
Um
Sorry, it’s just weird seeing a huge wall of text and no responses. Especially since it’s you
Let me know how you’re doing and stuff. 
Please. 
Um, yeah. I’ll talk to you soon.
The phone slipped from my fingers when I was done, toppling into my lap like the white flag of defeat. I buried my head in my hands. I had no idea what I was doing. She probably wouldn’t even read it. Something wet and ugly clawed its way from my stomach up to my throat. I felt like screaming. 
Instead, it was a disgruntled moan that tumbled from my lips. 
“Please,” I mumbled into my fingers. “Goddamn it, just—I suck.”
The silence that followed was worse. I closed my eyes.
“Shut up,” I said. “Shut up.”
I threw the covers off and stomped into Dad’s room, grabbing a fistful of assignments from the top of his work stack. I relished the way they crumpled in my hands. The tower of papers wobbled and fell as I turned around, leaving a scattered mess on his desk. I didn’t care. It wasn’t like he was coming home anytime soon. 
The first of the bunch was a simple security test. It asked for a general probe for their website’s firewalls, their database backdoor, and their front-end authentication process. It was simple, something I’d done thousands of times before. The instructions read: 
Please write a brute force algorithm, a Trojan horse virus, and a firewall decoder to test our website’s cyber security through both surface and backend means. If you find any leaks or bugs, let us know. Deadline: April 12th 
I glared at the wording, then looked at the next ones.
Write a program that—
Write code that—
Write—
Write—
I buried my head in my hands. “Damn it.” 
Kai’s voice grew lighter in my head, almost like she was mocking me. I pounded my fist against the table and made all the papers jump. My legs drummed relentlessly against the floor. It was like I was being squeezed from all sides, and there was no relief from the unrelenting siege. I shot out of my chair and started pacing back and forth across the room.
“Damn it!”
I punted a jacket out the way.
“Damn it!”
I twisted my hair.
“Fuck!”
I tore a pillow from my bed and bashed it against the bedframe, feeling more and more vindicated with every violent swing. It wasn’t enough.
“Fuck!”
I shoved my face into the pillow and screamed as loud as I could, determined to drain my voice dry. I screamed at everything, at anything—from the stupid fucking assignments, to the stupid fucking book, to stupid fucking Dad landing himself in the hospital and putting all this shit on me. I screamed until my voice was raw and burning, and angry tears had leapt to my eyes.
It was never enough.
I crumpled to the ground. All the while, Kai’s voice, like whispers lost in a red haze, repeated the same words she’d been saying for hours. It was funny. Because the one person I wanted to talk to about this had turned into a broken record. I thought about texting her again, or maybe even calling her, but I knew she wouldn’t respond. 
“Fuck it,” my voice sounded small, even to me. I leaned back against the bedframe and closed my eyes.
“Fuck it.”
Then I was moving. I never remembered grabbing a jacket, or my wallet, or my keys and phone. I never remembered walking to the train station, because it should’ve been obvious to take the bus. I never remembered the rumbling of the train as it carried me off to D.C.
When I got there, the afternoon had long wasted away. The sun burned a bright crimson red in the sky, imbuing the horizon with hazy wisps of pink, and illuminated the bed of air pollution that loomed like storm clouds over the city. It was the sign of a brilliant sunset. It was the sign of warmer days to come. I hailed a taxi as my back grew hot and sticky under the dome of the train station. I plugged my earphones in when it pulled up. 
The driver must’ve made some attempts at small talk, because I caught him looking back at me in his rearview mirror. But I didn’t want to talk. Instead, I watched the buildings pass by and thought about what I’d say to Kai. How I would yell at her if she yelled at me. How stupid yelling was. How I’d apologize, and then hopefully, she’d apologize too and we could all move on. 
The car got caught up in traffic on our way out of the city. The driver tried again to make small talk, asking questions over the sound of my music. The ride to Kai’s house never felt longer. 
Finally, we jerked to a stop in front of her curb. I paid and got out. The guy grabbed the money from my hands and made a wheel-screeching turn back onto the main street. I glared after him, lungs burning from the stench of exhaust. I guess I didn’t tip enough.
The silence of the suburbs set in soon after he sped away. It felt weird being back. The last time I was here was only a week ago, but it felt like so much longer. And it was quiet—much too quiet. I’d never noticed before, but without the whistling of a million cars and the whispering of a crowded intersection, it was like somebody had vacuumed all the space out of the air, leaving only cardboard cutouts of the real world behind.
I shivered. It didn’t feel right.
I followed the little path of pebbles up to the front door, kicking up dirt and grass as I went. The scuffing of my shoes against cobblestone made the silence a little more bearable. I breathed a little easier. By the time I reached the door, the rattling in my bones had largely settled, so I rang the doorbell and waited. Nobody came. 
I frowned and pressed it again. The same thing happened. 
“Huh,” I said.
I backtracked and looked at her driveway. One of the cars was gone. The other sat unmoving by the curb. I peered through her windows, and from the small cracks in the blinds, I could tell most of the lights were switched off. 
I frowned. Maybe she was out or something.
I tried again from the side of her house, near the fence where Kai’s room was closest to. The rusty green railing I’d almost fallen off of sat high above me, and from where I was, I could see the ceiling of her room. (She kept the door to the balcony open, for some weird reason.) I cupped my hands and called her name.
The afternoon air was my only answer. 
I scratched my head, a cocktail of relief and curiosity stirring in my stomach. She was always here on the weekends, in her room or in the house. Even when her parents went out for lunch, they would bring food back for her. I’d always assumed it was because she liked being a homebody. Now, I wasn’t sure. I wondered why she didn’t tell me she would be out.  
My hands dropped to my side. I turned around to leave, only for two unfamiliar voices to walk by the house. Their words were hushed and mumbled. I quickly ducked behind a corner and craned my ears.
“It sucks though, doesn’t it?” one of them said.
“Yeah,” said the other. 
“Tori told me she heard screams at like five in the morning. Terrifying stuff. I wonder how they’re doing.”
“Probably not well. It’s not easy for anybody to be in a situation like that, especially not for a second time.”
“I know right? Poor them. They don’t deserve this. Nobody does.”
“Yeah… do you know how old she is?”
“Sixteen, I think. I’ve said hi to her a couple of times while walking Coco. Really sweet kid. Amazing artist
“Oh, I don’t doubt it. I hope she’s fine. I hope they’re all fine.”
“Amen.”
Before I knew it, my feet were moving.
“Excuse me! Hey!” I sprinted after them as fast as I could, almost slipping on cement. My heart hammered painfully in my chest. My throat felt like sandpaper. “Hey! Hey!”
They turned around. One of them, a middle-aged woman with a growing frown crossed her arms. “Young man, what do you think you’re—”
“Who’re you talking about?” I grabbed her by the shoulders and shook her violently. “Who? Tell me!”
“The fuck—get off her!”
My vision went dark. There was a sharp crack, then I was on the ground, stunned and unsure of how I got there. All the air fled my lungs in one fell swoop. I was left dry heaving, curled up on the cement. My head was ringing. The screaming didn’t help either.
“Don’t you ever touch her again, do you hear me? Hey kid! Kid!”
“Frank, wait—”
“This little asshole just—!”
“Frank!”
“Alice, he just—!”
“Frank, stop! I-I think I’ve seen him before!” 
She turned to me with large brown eyes, brow furrowed in concern. “You’re—you’re Kai’s friend, aren’t you? The boy on the balcony. The one that comes every Saturday.”
I tried to speak, but could only manage a raspy cough.
“Oh, honey,” she looked pained. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
I shook my head. “W-Where is she?”
The two of them exchanged a look.
“The hospital.”

TWENTY
Alice and Frank offered to drive me there. They spent a few minutes unloading all the stuff from the back of their little sedan, then we were off. Alice tried to make small talk—where I went to school, how I met Kai, how they knew Kai. Frank muttered an apology. I was silent the whole way through. 
They dropped me off in front of the hospital and told me to send their regards, something about a cake they would bring when she was all better, then burned rubber back the way we came from. I was left alone, standing under a massive cross.
I walked inside. Kai’s hospital looked like Dad’s, and then I realized maybe all hospitals looked alike. The same stench of bleach, the same pale walls, and a waiting room that always looked miserable. I slipped past a row of tight-faced families and up to the front desk.
“Hello,” the attendant greeted, her eyes still glued to her computer. “How can I—”
“Is Kai Katagiri here?” I asked.
 There was a brief pause as she glanced up, eyes narrowing slightly. Then she shook her head and said, “I’m sorry, sir. I can’t give away a patient’s location without asking for a couple of details first.”
“Oh, sure,” I said.
“Great. Here’s a form you can fill out. Please bring it back when you’re finished. You’ll be…” she scanned the room, before pointing at an older man with an expensive looking suit. “Seventh in line. Behind that gentleman over there.”
I followed her finger, then looked back at her. “It’s an emergency,” I said.
“I understand, sir. But the people in front of you also have emergencies,” she said.
“Can’t you just tell me where she is? I’ll go see her myself.”
“Sir—”
“Please, I’m her friend.”
“I understand, sir. But there are protocols—”
“Please.”
Her smile grew strained. She folded her hands across her lap. “Sir, I can’t let you do that.”
“But, I just—”
“If you keep persisting, I’ll have to call security—”
“No, wait—”
“Sir, back away from the front desk.”
Somebody grabbed me by the shoulder. I flinched.
“Sorry about him,” a voice said, coming up by my side. “He’s with me.” 
I turned around.
“He’s my daughter’s friend,” said Mr. Katagiri. “Bit excitable. Shaken nerves, you know. But I’ll take him off your hands.” 
His grip on my shoulder was tight. Not painful, really, but firm enough to make my muscles tense. I clammed up. He exchanged an apologetic smile with the receptionist, before guiding me away from the front desk. A dozen curious eyes trailed after our steps. I could do nothing but follow.
“Sir,” I tried to say, but he beat me to it.
“Not here, Chris.”
We cut through the lobby and out towards a hallway lined with doors. I ignored the hushed whispers and the pointing fingers. Eventually, we reached a small room of elevators in a hub that connected this hallway to the next. Mr. Katagiri pressed the up button then stood back with his arms crossed. I shoved my hands into my pockets and took my place beside him.
“Sir—”
He let out a heavy breath. It was then I noticed how tired he looked.
Dark bags creased like wrinkles under his eyes. His shoulders were slouched, giving a defeated slant to the crumpled suit he wore. His back was hunched. When he spoke again, it was with the voice of a man who hadn’t slept all night.
“Not now.”
My heart leapt to my throat. “Okay.”
The elevator ride up was spent in silence, and the door opened up to the sixth floor with a ding. We stepped out and made a left, where another pale hallway was waiting. Two rows of wooden doors stretched on until they met a wall. Squeaky marble tiles formed no particular pattern along the floor.
My throat felt tight. I forced myself to breathe.
We kept moving, our steps echoing off the walls. I hung loosely behind Mr. Katagiri and timed my steps to his. An icy dread had crept to the base of my neck. Even colder was my stomach. It was like somebody had frozen déjà vu, terrified and senseless, and stuck it in my veins. I shivered despite myself. 
Finally, we stopped in front of an inconspicuous door, brown and plain-looking like the rest of them. Muffled voices hummed like a sad song from behind the cracks of the doorframe. I tried not to listen too closely. Mr. Katagiri knocked with a knuckle—once, twice. If he noticed the shaking of my hands, he didn’t comment on it. When the door swung open, he ushered me inside with a gentle push.
It was a keyboard that greeted me first, as well as the nurse who manned it. Her auburn hair waved as she typed, recording all the answers Mrs. Katagiri gave her in the near corner. One of them would ask a question; the other would respond. They were swapping words so fast I couldn’t tell who dictated the pace. 
Mrs. Katagiri glanced up when we walked in; the nurse looked annoyed at the interruption. She tucked her clipboard under her arm and excused herself with a dip of her head. I moved aside as she brushed past me. Her expression was unnervingly stoic.
I swallowed. In the middle of the room was Kai. 
She sat up in a hospital bed with her arms crossed and the sleeves of her fatigues rolled up. A permeant scowl marred her lips, like she wanted to be anywhere but here. Her jaw was clenched. Dark green eyes found my own and held on for a split second, before looking away. I never even had the time to blink.
Mrs. Katagiri smiled at me. “Hi, Chris.”
“Hi,” I said.
“Thanks for coming.”
“Yeah.”
Silence stretched on for a long moment before her smile grew slightly strained. She stood up from her chair and took her husband’s hand. “We’ll give you two some time,” she said, as she led him away.
I nodded. “Okay.”
“Make sure she puts in her contacts though, will you?” she asked. 
“Yeah.”
Then they were out the door, their voices receding like a distant echo.
“Are you sure about this?” Mr. Katagiri sounded uneasy.
“Yes, honey.”
“But, what if—”
“They’re just kids, honey. Kids. Besides, Kai likes him.”
“I know, but—”
“Honey, they’ll be fine. Honestly. We’ll be fine. Now come on, we still need to pick up Haru-chan.”
The door swung shut with a resounding click. Then, it was just us. I turned to Kai with a growing pit in my stomach. She stared stonily back.
“So um,” I said, looking around. “This is nice.”
Her glare darkened.
“I mean, you’ve got a window,” I tried again, fumbling for the words. “And I know lots of hospitals that don’t have windows. Well, I don’t. I only know one other hospital. It’s my dad’s. It has windows. A lot of windows—um, what was I talking about again?”
Kai crossed her arms, visibly unimpressed. I winced when she raised an eyebrow. I didn’t know what else to say, so I found the first un-hospital like thing in her room (a small, kiddy cat-themed calendar) and pointed at it. 
“Cats,” I said.
She snorted. “Cats.”
Her eyes were sharp and green as they searched my face. Then, when she found whatever she was looking for, she beckoned me closer with a finger. I felt like a minnow swimming towards a shark, but I moved closer, nevertheless. There was a stool that the auburn-haired nurse had used earlier; I pulled it with me and scooted as close as I thought was appropriate. 
Kai rolled her eyes. “Why are you like, nine feet away?”
“I-I’m not,” I said.
“Just scoot, you idiot.”
“Right.”
She waited until I was within arm’s length, then grabbed the cat-themed calendar from her dresser and chucked it at me. It smacked against my chest in a flurry of pages and plopped limply into my lap. I looked at her, eyebrows furrowing.
“Ouch,” I said.
“Good,” she said.
I didn’t know how to respond to that, so I stayed quiet. Kai shook her head and gestured for me to hand it back. I did so, wordlessly.
“My mom gave it to me,” she said, thumbing the ringlets that held the pages together. It’s supposed to cheer me up. See?” Her finger pointed to a picture of a ball of white puff that looked more like a marshmallow with eyes and ears than it did a cat.
“Oh,” I said.
“Yeah.”
“Is it working?”
She shot me a look. “What do you think?”
“Um…”
“Exactly.”
I shifted in my seat as another bed of silence set in between us. There seemed to be a lot of those nowadays. All the while, Kai watched me with her hawk-like eyes, and I couldn’t tell if she was staring at me or through at me. Nevertheless, I held her gaze as best as I could. Eventually, she sighed.
“What are you doing here, Chris?”
I dropped my eyes and played with my fingers. “I don’t know,” I told her. 
“You… don’t know.”
“No.”
“That’s not very helpful.”
“Guess not.”
She cracked a smile. “That’s not very helpful either.”
“Sorry.”
She tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear. “I read your texts. Well, as much as I could before my mom took away my phone.”
“Oh.”
“Did you want to apologize in person, or…?”
“Sorry,” I said.
“Yeah, well,” her lips twitched. “I should say probably sorry too. You were right, I was—”
I shook my head. “It’s okay.”
She blinked. “Yeah?”
“Yeah.”
The corners of her lips upturned. “Then you’re forgiven too.”
I nodded and kept my head down. My palms had grown sweaty and gross in between the words of my apology, and I wiped them against the sides of my jeans. Kai kept staring at me with those big green eyes. I didn’t know what else to say. My throat burned under her gaze, fighting for the right words to salvage a sinking ship, but nothing came to mind. There was only the heavy anchor of silence. 
To be honest, I didn’t think past this part. I’d assumed that, after we apologized, we could go back to the way it was before. No more books, no more endings, no more heated looks. Just me and her. I assumed it would be easy. 
Kai let out a soft sigh, then flicked my shoulder. I looked up, startled. 
“Hey,” she said. “I’m the one in the hospital bed here. It’s my job to be depressing.”
“Oh, um, sorry,” I said. 
“You already said that.”
“I know.”
“Damn it, Chris.”
“Sorry.”
“I’m gonna hit you. You’re so—” she made a face, then shook her head. “Look, you know what you need? The outdoors. You’d probably never leave your room if it wasn’t for me.”
I stayed quiet.
“Let’s go out and get some Boba or something. God knows you could use the fresh air. Hell, I could use it too.” She swung her legs out of bed and kicked them back and forth. “Come on, it’ll be fun. Get my stuff—that drawer over there. I heard the cherry blossoms are beginning to bloom. Maybe we’ll get to see them.”
I wet my lips. “I um, I don’t know if that’s the best idea.”
“Why not?” she asked. 
“You’re in a hospital.”
“So?”
“So, your parents will worry.”
Kai shook her head. “Nah. They’re picking up Haru-chan right now. They need to go grab food after too. It’ll be another hour before they’re back.” The last of her words were accompanied with an expectant look. 
“I-I still don’t think it’s a good idea,” I said. 
“Don’t be such a scaredy-cat,” she huffed. 
“Was that a pun?”
“It is now.”
I scratched my cheek, trying not to sound too overbearing. There was a delicate balance in the air, so thin it could be popped by words alone, and I didn’t want to ruin it. “Look, I-I just don’t think we should leave without permission. It’s not right,” I said.  
“Dude, that’s the point of sneaking out. Of course it’s not right,” she said. 
I wet my lips. “Kai—”
She crossed her arms. “God, what are you, my mom? You gonna tell me to put in my contacts too?”
“Oh, yeah. Put in your—”
“Don’t fucking say it.”
“Contacts.”
She leveled a glare at me, and I held her gaze as best as I could. To my surprise, it wasn’t me who looked away this time. She let out a shaky breath, twisting the bedsheets with her fingers. 
“Come on, please?” her breath hitched. “I just—I can’t be here right now.” 
“Kai…” 
“Please.” 
Suddenly, she was the most rattled I’d seen her, and I realized something was seriously, seriously wrong. Her knuckles were white, pale from how tightly she clenched her fists. When she released them, her palms were red and trembling. She stole furtive glances at the window from the corner of her eyes, like her only goal in the moment was to leave, no matter the cost. I felt a lump form in the back of my throat. We were at least six floors up.
“I-It’s not a good idea,” I said. 
“Oh, screw you.” 
Without warning, she snapped. Her anger was like a riptide, fierce and surging, and I could only watch as she bolted up in bed, glaring at me. Her fingers curled and flayed the bedsheets. The fabric twisted. Her lips twisted.
“What—” I tried to say, but she got right up in my face.
“You heard me,” she hissed. “Screw you.”
My lips were frozen, and I couldn’t find my voice. Her lips were drawn back in a sneer. 
“Nothing’s ever a good idea with you, is it?” she spat. “Not going out. Not finishing the book. Not even being my goddamn friend.”
My voice rushed back to me, but it was already far too late. “That’s not—”
She slammed a fist down, and I flinched. One of her pillows was knocked off the bed, landing on the floor beside me. She hadn’t even noticed. “What, am I not good enough for you?” she asked. “Am I just some stupid girl you met? Are you gonna forget about me like—”
“Kai!” I cut her off, desperately. “What are you talking about?”
“You!” she jabbed a sharp finger into my chest. It felt like I was being stabbed with a knife. “I’m talking about you. You’re always so scared. Always so afraid. You can’t even bring yourself to—”
She pitched forwards with a yelp. I scrambled to catch her. 
In all the excitement, she had leaned so far off the bed she had lost her balance. Before she could fall over, I managed to dig my hands under her armpits and hold her there. Her cheek slammed into my neck, punching all the air out of my throat. Her hair caught in my teeth. She was trembling. I was trembling. 
My heart was a wild thing as blood and feeling rushed back through my veins, as thousands of tiny pinpricks traveled down my spine and to my fingertips. We stayed like that, with her head nested against my chin and her arms pressed to my chest. My arms found awkward placing around her back. We were both breathing hard. Neither of us spoke. 
When I drew back, it was with a quiet voice. “A-Are you okay?” I asked her. 
Kai looked away, cheeks pink. She steadied herself and murmured, “Yeah, are you?”
“I’m okay,” I said.
“Okay,” she said.
I coughed in the silence that followed. The previous tension in the air had all but disappeared and left behind a ringing sense of whiplash. “You know, we um, we should stop yelling at each other like this. Every time we do, something bad happens,” I said. 
Her blush darkened. “Yeah.”
“Yeah.”
“Sorry.”
I shook my head. “It’s okay.”
“No, it’s—I’m sorry,” she said. 
I looked at her, brow furrowing. Kai deflated into the rest of her pillows. The tops of her teeth poked out and chewed on her bottom lip. I watched, confused, as she wrangled her hands together. 
“Kai?” I said.
There was a long moment where she said nothing, and her fingernails raked deep red marks on the skin of her palms. I almost put out a hand to stop her before she murmured, her voice small and low and riddled with guilt, “I’m sorry. I really am.”
“Kai, I told you—”
“No, no. It’s… I was horrible.” She looked at me, something crumbling in her eyes. “I was so selfish, and pushy, and horrible. And I’ve been horrible since the start.” She let out a shaky breath. “The truth is, I haven’t been completely honest with you.”
I looked to her bed, to the transparent tubes that hung like jungle vines, to the hospital gown that draped loosely around her shoulders. Then, I looked back at her.
“Really,” I said.
Her lips twitched, despite everything. She wiped at her eyes. “Shut up.”
“I thought you were here for fun.”
Kai rapped me on the knee but said nothing else. The crease of her lips, however, stirred the butterflies in my stomach and had me hoping that maybe, just maybe, we were going to be okay again. She took my hand in hers and ran a gentle thumb along my knuckles. Her palms were warm. 
 “You know,” her voice was soft. “I’ve thought about this a lot, actually. I knew I had to tell you one day, so I’d stay up at night sometimes and think about all the ways it could happen. What would I say? What would you say? How would you react, I wondered? What would you do?” A shiver passed through her bones. “But now the day’s finally here and I—and I…”
I squeezed her hands. She squeezed back, gratefully. 
“I guess I don’t know how to start,” she finished.
I gripped her eyes with mine. “How about the beginning?”
This time, she didn’t look away. “The beginning, huh?” she said. “Well, okay. Alright.” She let out a breath. “I suppose it all started with my eyes.”
“Your eyes?” I said. 
“My retinas. They’re sensitive.”
I nodded. I knew that much already. A ghost of a smile tugged at her lips, and she exhaled through her mouth. “Well, they’re a bit more than sensitive. I won’t bore you with the details, but in medical terms: they’re fucked.”
I blinked. “Oh.”
“Like, super fucked. To the moon fucked. FUBAR fucked.”
I didn’t know what to say to that.
“At least, they’re about to be,” she said.
“What do you mean?” I asked.
There was a pause, and she ran a hand through her hair. She sighed. “The doctors call it chronic macular degeneration. Super rare, super genetic, deadly. All that bullshit. Basically, my eyes have been getting progressively worse ever since I was born. And one day, pretty soon, I’ll be blind.”
She said it so casually, so nonchalantly, it was like she was ordering her usual drink at Boba Guys. Her words didn’t sink in until a couple seconds later.
“What?” I breathed.
“You heard me,” she said. “My eyes are screwed. Gone. Poof. Nada. Even now, things are already getting pretty blurry.”
“Kai—”
“And that’s not even the worst part,” her lips twitched, like she was trying to smile but couldn’t. “When I do go blind, there’s still a chance this stupid thing can travel to my brain and fuck that over. Nerve damage, brain failure, etc.” She finally succeeded with the last of her words. Her smile looked almost sad. “I told you, didn’t I? Sometimes, we don’t get to choose how our story ends.”
The blood in my ears crashed like waves. The only word I could form fell from my lips, limp and whispered. “What?”
“I know,” she said. “But there’s nothing I can do.”
“W-What do you mean—”
“I mean there’s nothing left to do.” She met my gaze, and this time, her eyes were hard. Like the oceans had solidified. “Trust me, we’ve tried. We’ve been trying for sixteen years. My mom and dad got every doctor they could find. Nothing worked. Turns out, it’s not something you can fix with a couple of pills. It’s, well, it’s unlucky.”
“Kai!”
“No, seriously. That’s all it is. Unlucky.”
I shook my head. I couldn’t believe my ears. “No, you can’t just say that!”
“Of course I can. It’s the truth.”
“You—!”
“Chris.” Something in her voice shut me up. Her eyes, dark and green, watched me like somebody would watch a distant funeral. Like she pitied me. “Trust me. Nothing works.”
Silence reclaimed the air, thick and heavy. It stuck to the roof of my mouth, and I was too busy plummeting through the pit in my stomach to notice it was finally comfortable again. Kai let a small smile crease her lips. “Thank you, though,” she said.
I looked up. 
“It’s, well, it’s nice to know that someone cares. It’s better knowing that someone is you.” Her cheeks were tinted a light pink, but she held my gaze, nevertheless. Any response I might’ve given failed me. They choked up and jammed in my throat. 
Kai threaded her fingers through mine. “So, yeah. Thank you.”
I squeezed her hand, because I could do nothing else. 
“You probably want some answers now,” she steered the conversation a different direction, prompting me with her eyes. They were still big and green and vivid. I couldn’t imagine them lightless.  
“That’d be nice,” I found my voice again.  
“What do you want to know?” she asked.
There should’ve been a dozen other questions on the tip of my tongue, but on that day and in that moment, with the setting sun seeping through the windows, washing the walls a soft, warm gold, there was only one.
“Why sunsets?” I asked. When she didn’t respond, I added, “I mean, why now? Why me? Why… sunsets?”
If Kai was surprised, she didn’t show it. She nodded and took a second to think. When she spoke, it was with the wistful tone of somebody looking back on their younger years. “It’s because they’re pretty,” she said. “They’re beautiful.”
I waited for her to continue. She took a deep breath.
“When I was first diagnosed, the doctors told me it inevitable. I was going to be blind no matter what. All they could give me were a pair of sunglasses and a warning to avoid UV radiation. Direct exposure to sunlight, they said, was the worst.”
My heart stopped. 
“So, obviously, I didn’t listen.” She held up a hand at the horror in my eyes. “I know, I know. But they’re sunsets, man. Sunsets. They’re just so amazing and beautiful, and I thought if I really was going to go blind, I might as well enjoy them while I still can. My parents never knew, and I planned to keep it that way until, well…” Her lips pursed. “It’s my life, you know?”
I felt like throwing up. “Kai, you didn’t.”
“I had to,” she said. 
“No, you didn’t. Kai, you didn’t.”
“I had to.”
“No, no. There were so many other things—”
“No, there weren’t. Not like mine. Not the way I wanted it to be.” Her eyes were pleading as they searched my face. Her voice was soft. “Don’t you see? It’s my life.”
My stomach churned like a toilet bowl. “Kai…”
“It’s my life,” she repeated. “Not yours. Not my parents’. Not anyone’s. And I want to live it my way. Even if my way is… shorter.”
Shorter. The word rang like a bell in my chest as her eyes drifted further and further away, until I wasn’t sure who she was looking at. Every breath I took sent icy pinpricks down my throat. Every word that formed died on my lips, except one.
“Shorter.”
She nodded. Her eyes refocused on the present, on me. But lingering in them was a wetness, a single tear that told me exactly where—when she was.
“She wanted to change the world, you know. With her writing, with her books.” Kai’s next breath was watery. “She was supposed to be so much more than what she got.”
Her tear grew into a well, spilling over. Kai wiped at her cheeks. “And I’m older now than she ever was. And yeah, I’d love to say I remember her, and her smile, and what she smelled like every single moment of every day, but I can’t. I just can’t.”
I swallowed, thickly.
“And her fucking parents,” she squeezed her eyes shut. “The year she died, they cleaned out her room and took her stocking down from the fireplace, and never said anything about her to anyone. I-It was like they wanted to forget!” She took another strangled breath, sharp and pained and desperate. My own lungs twisted at the sound. “But I didn’t. Not me. I took all her pictures and I drew them on my wall and I told myself I’d never forget. I pinky promised.”
“Kai,” I said. 
The tear that fell, hot and fast down her face, killed whatever else I had to say. She sniffled. “B-But now, I can’t even remember what she looked like, and—” 
“Kai,” I said again. 
She shook her head, wiping at her eyes. They came away puffy and pink. “Don’t you see? She never got the time. She never got the time, and she wanted to be just like you.”
“Like me.”
“A writer.”
Her words from yesterday drummed in my head, and I couldn’t speak all of a sudden. But Kai could. She kept going, pressing forward. “And that’s why I chase the sunsets, because she couldn’t.” Her voice was weighed down by so much emotion, it was a miracle there were no cracks. “She never got to tell her stories to the world; she didn’t have the time. And now that my own time’s running out, I can’t just do nothing. I have to live it my way. I have to.”
Kai’s eyes caught my own, like she was searching for a response. Her efforts were fruitless though, because she was looking for an answer I didn’t have. Because there were no words for that. I looked away, feeling my stomach sink. 
Then, a glimmer of light flashed in the distance.
It started out as a flicker of fire, peeking out over the jagged heads of skyscrapers. Then it was a ray of light, lancing over the walls. Then, it was an entire ocean of sunlight, flooding the room. Reds and oranges and yellows washed through the window, bathing the bedsheets and our clothes in a coat of warmth. My eyes moved to the horizon, drawn like moth to a flame. 
Kai’s breath hitched in her throat. “Oh…”
Outside, the world burned like a desert mirage. There were no hazy wisps of smoke in the sky, nor the cotton white of clouds. There was only a brilliant sunset, coloring the sky. We watched as bright red turned to purple, then pink, then to the faint tint of cherry blossoms. We watched, breathless, as the sunset introduced a twilight night.  
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” Kai whispered.
It was a long time before I said anything back.
“Yeah, it is.”
	
	

TWENTY-ONE
“She’s… not coming back.”
“No.”
“At all.”
“No.”
“Is this a joke?”
I sighed. “Matt, come on.”
“What?” he raked a hand through his hair, pacing back and forth between the desks. “I’m just—I’m trying to digest this, okay? It’s kind of a lot.”
“What did you expect?”
“I don’t know, man. Maybe something about your dad. Something about League. Something about you getting super drunk and running through a parking lot naked…” he trailed off. 
“Matt,” I said.
His steps echoed louder, betraying the tightness beneath. “I know, I know. It’s just—what the hell do you mean she’s not coming back.”
“She’s not coming back to school,” I told him. 
“No, I know that. I need details. Details.” He spun his hands in the air. “Like, is there a time frame? Will she be back in the future? What the fuck happened?”
I shook my head. “I don’t know.”
“What the hell does that mean?” he asked. 
I stayed quiet. He kept pacing.
“And she didn’t tell you anything?” 
“Just that she’s not coming back,” I said. 
“That’s not—she can’t just leave.”
Matt stopped to kick at the back of a chair. The loud screech of metal across floor made my ears rang. He looked suitably put out for a moment, then kicked it again, punting it away from him like a child who’d had his favorite toy taken away. The second screech was even louder than the first.
“So, she’s told you nothing.”
I hesitated. My eyes flickered down to my shoes for a fraction of a second, but that was enough. Matt stomped over, lips curled. “Chris,” he growled. 
I looked down.
“Chris, I swear to God. You better tell me right now, or—”
“Alright, fine.” I glared at the ground. “Just back off.”
He plunked down into the seat in front of me. The chair rattled, and so did my ribs. 
“She’s at the hospital,” I told him.
“Excuse me?”
“She’s at the—”
“What the actual fuck?” Matt cried. His hand flew out and banged against the back of another chair. The sound echoed through the room and made me jump. “What the hell! Is she okay? I mean—”
I hesitated.
“Dude, please tell me she’s okay,” his voice was pleading. 
“Well, I—”
“Oh, God. Oh, fuck.” He jumped up from his seat and started rubbing at his eyes. “Dude, this is gonna be like that one anime we watched. The shitty one where the girl dies, and its super sad, and—”
“Wait, what?” I said. 
“God, is she dying? Please don’t tell me she’s dying.”
“She’s not. At least, I don’t think so.”
“Holy fuck. Holy fuck.”
“Matt, calm down. You need to—” I grabbed his arm and dragged him back down. He landed in his seat with a thump, emotions warring across his face faster than I could count. Anger, one second. Terrible shock, the next. “Chill, dude,” I told him. “Just… chill.”
“I’m chill,” he told me, even though his expression said otherwise. “I’m chill. I’m—shouldn’t we visit her?”
I shook my head. “I went on Saturday. Her parents kicked me out after an hour.”
“They won’t let her friends visit?”
“They won’t let anyone visit.”
Matt buried his head in his hands. “Jesus, dude.”
“Yeah.”
“Do you know why?”
“Something about her condition, I think. She can’t be too stressed.”
He lifted his head to make a face. “Why does everyone say that?” he asked.
“What?”
“I mean, how would seeing her friends stress her out? That doesn’t make any sense!”
I shrugged. “I’m not a doctor.”
Matt groaned and covered his eyes. “Jesus, dude.”
I nodded but stayed quiet, not knowing what else to add. He’d pretty much summed it up. The silence between us grew as a group of students walked by outside the door. It was lunchtime, and they must’ve been heading downstairs. 
“Did she say anything?” he asked, when their footsteps faded into silence.
“She said a lot of things,” I told him.
“Like?”
“Well, she talked about cats.”
“I meant anything important.”
“That depends on who you ask,” I murmured.
Matt frowned, leaning a little closer. “What?”
“Nothing,” I said. “Never mind. She uh, she talked about sunsets.”
“Dude, come on,” he said. 
“They’re important to her, I swear.”
“Sunsets?”
“Yeah.”
Matt shot me a mystified look. “What the hell?”
I thought about how to explain it to him, then realized the only way was to repeat what she’d said to me. The corners of my lips tugged up, despite everything. “It’s symbolism,” I said. “She likes symbolism.”
“She likes—what?” Matt sounded even more confused. 
I forged on. “She’ll be blind soon,” I told him. “It’s a rare, genetic disease, and sunlight makes it worse.” I held up a hand to stop whatever he was going to say. “So she watches sunsets because she wants to confront her own demons, like she’s living her own life. It’s symbolism.”
Matt blinked, paused, then blinked again. “Like shikata ga nai?” his voice was faint. 
It was my turn to blink. “Shitake who now?”
“No, it’s—” he shook his head. “It’s an old saying. Japanese. Lydia was telling me about it. Basically, it means: ‘it is what it is.’”
“Oh,” I said, blinking again. 
“Yeah,” he said. His eyes met mine. “Well, fuck.”
I nodded.
“First your dad, now Kai. Who’s next, Soph?”
“I hope not.”
“Me neither, man. Me neither.” Matt ran a hand through his hair. “And you, you said she’s getting worse?”
“Only if she keeps looking at the sun,” I said. 
“Does she?” he asked.
“Yeah.”
“That’s kind of dumb.”
“Try telling her that,” I said. Then, out of nowhere, he laughed. I cocked my head as he tried to reign it in, covering his mouth with a hand. 
“Fuck, dude,” he said. “That’s so her.”
“What?” I said.
“I mean, think about it. That’s so Kai.”
“I think the word you’re looking for is stupid.”
“No—I mean, yes. But think about it. Kai Katagiri not following instructions?”
“What does that have to do with anything?”
“It has to do with everything!” he threw up his hands, smiling like he was recalling a particularly funny memory. “Remember that time she argued with Mrs. Haley about some stupid English thing? For like, an hour?” 
I nodded.
“And that time she told Edgar to shut up about band? Like, the look on his face?” Matt shook his head with another laugh. “That was when I thought, ‘Wow, this girl’s crazy and she’s got bigger balls than me.’ You know what I’m talking about?”
“No,” I said.
“Well, I guess you wouldn’t,” he said.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Nothing. It’s just why she was so unapproachable at first.”
I stared at him. “But, I thought you two were friends.”
“Oh, we are.” Matt nodded. “I’m not saying we aren’t. It’s just, Kai’s never talked to me the same way she talked to you. She’s never talked to anyone the same way she talked to you.”
An odd heat crept up my cheeks. “I don’t what you’re talking about,” I said.
His lips twitched. “Yeah, you do.”
“Matt, I swear—”
“Okay,” he said, letting out a little chuckle. He leaned back to dodge the half-hearted punch I threw at him. “Alright, alright. Don’t bite my head off. I’m just saying you’re her best friend, whether you’ve noticed it or not. I mean, I don’t really get why. I’m way better looking—”
“Wait, what?”
“Taller too.”
“We’re the same height!”
“And honestly, just way cooler.”
I crossed my arms, glaring at him. “I hate you.”
“See?” he grinned. “Everyone loves me.” When I rolled my eyes, he spread his hands. “Look, the point is, I don’t know Kai as well as you. Nobody does. So, when you talk about sunsets and cats and hospitals, I don’t really get what’s going on. I can’t help her, but you can.”
I snorted. “Trust me, I’ve tried. She doesn’t listen.”
“Not like that, man,” he said. “You can’t just tell her to stop doing something. It’s Kai. Hell, the more I think about it, the cooler she sounds.”
“Dude,” I said, narrowing my eyes. 
“What?” he said. “It’s badass, what she’s doing. Even you have to admit that.”
“Not you too.”
“Whatever, dude. The point is you have to be there for her.” He jabbed a finger at my chest, leaning in so he had my attention. “I don’t know why you two click so well, or why she never told us any of this—we’re her friends, for God’s sake. But if she only told you, then there has to be a reason.” He raked a hand through his hair. “I don’t know it; maybe you do. All I’m asking is for you to visit her again, no matter what her parents say.”
“They kicked me out last time, remember?” I reminded him. “Besides, I don’t even know if she wants me there.”
Matt frowned. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Well, we um, we kind of had a disagreement.”
“A disagreement.”
“Yeah.”
“How so?”
My eyes dropped to the floor. I refused to speak, partly because it would take way too long, and partly because it was still a sore subject. When it was apparent I wouldn’t talk about it, Matt shook his head. “No, it’s fine. It’s fine. It doesn’t matter, okay? Kai’s our friend. We’ll help her regardless.”
I sighed and looked back up. “I don’t know, man. She’s really not—”
“Just go see her. Today.”
“Her parents—”
“Man, who gives a shit?”
I jumped. Out of nowhere, Matt banged his fist against the edge of my desk. The flesh of his hand cracked harshly against wood, the pain twisting his lips into a scowl. “Who cares what her parents say? You’re doing the right thing!”
 Matt was many things: cheerful, joking, too confident for his own good. This was the first time I’d seen him seriously angry. I was so shocked I couldn’t even respond.
“Her parents are assholes if they think—”
“Matt, I don’t—”
“No, I’m being serious! If they won’t let you be there for her, then they’re shitty parents! If they won’t let a friend help her—”
“Matt!”
“It doesn’t matter, okay?” His voice rose over mine with a sharpness I wasn’t even aware he could forge. He took a shaky breath, then shook his head. “I-It doesn’t matter. Just help her, please. Be there for her.”
I swallowed, uncertainly. “Okay.”
Matt relaxed back into his seat and buried his head in his arms. It was a long time before he spoke again. The only sounds in the room were our mismatched breathing. It was especially eerie because this was Matt. For the first time since freshman year, I couldn’t tell what he was thinking.
Eventually, he murmured a soft, “Sorry.”
“It’s okay,” I said.
His fists clenched on the table. His voice was muffled by the skin of his arms. “It’s just, this is all so sudden, you know? And Kai’s probably so fucking scared. I know she doesn’t seem the type or whatever… but fuck. If that was me, if that was you—I can’t even imagine going through that.”
I stayed silent as his words rang a bell in my chest. Then, he added, so low I could barely hear him above the clamoring of voices outside the classroom, “And it sucks too. Not being able to do anything.”
“Yeah,” I said, and we were quiet for a little while more. There was a barricade in my throat, but eventually, it crumbled under the way of my question. I had to know. I gathered up the courage to ask him. “Why do you care so much?”
Matt raised one dark eye over the sleeves of his hoodie. “You don’t?”
“No, of course I do,” I said, shifting in my seat. “It’s just, well—it’s like you said, you two were never really close.”
Matt put his face back in his arms. His voice became muffled again, but this time, there was a certain weight to it I couldn’t place. Like his words were drawn from deep within. “That doesn’t matter, man. She’s still my friend. Even if she wasn’t, I’d still help. That’s just what people do.”
“Is it?” my own voice was quiet. 
“It’s what I want to do.”
The vice in my throat tightened. “Go see her, please?” he asked.
“Yeah, okay,” I said. 
“Promise me.”
“I… promise.”
The bell rang, and with it came a flood of voices. Matt pushed himself up with a deep breath. He grabbed his bag and slung it over his shoulder, cracking his back in the  process. “Okay, right. C’mon. Let’s head to Math. You still have a quiz to make up,”  he said. 
I stayed seated. There was a seed in my head, beginning to take root. It grew and grew and grew, until I knew what I had to do. I wet my lips. “Um…”
“Want me to text you the answers?” he asked. 
I shook my head. 
Matt’s brow furrowed. “Want me to wait for you?”
“It’s okay,” I told him. 
A flicker of understanding dawned behind his eyes. They darkened, like coal to charcoal, before the smile lines around his temples creased. He stared for a few moments longer, then nodded. He looked almost proud. 
“I’ll see you there, then,” he said.
I nodded back. “I’ll see you there.”
The train grinded to a halt in Washington D.C. just as the first wisps of pink lined the sky. I hailed a taxi to Kai’s hospital and maneuvered through the lobby—past the same lady that stopped me the first time, past the rows of tight-faced families, and into the elevator. It groaned to life.
From the outside, Kai’s door looked like the rest. Tall, brown, and unassuming. The only reason I found it as quick as I did was because of the humming of a familiar song seeping through the cracks. I listened for any other voices, then stepped inside when I was sure there were none.
Thankfully, I was right. There was nobody here but Kai. She laid in bed with her arms crossed over her stomach, the gentle swell of her chest rising and falling with quiet breaths. Her hair fanned out on her pillow like a curtain of silk. Her eyes were closed. In the warmth of the sunlight, she looked younger, more at peace. Maybe it was because she was sleeping; maybe it was because she was feeling better.
In the background, the familiar song played. I inched tentatively closer and tried my best to soften my footsteps. I got halfway across the room before a tired voice growled out.
“Mama, seriously? I’m trying to sleep.”
I froze, but Kai’s eyes remained closed. For a brief second, I debated stepping out, closing the door, and waiting until she was actually awake to talk to her. Then, her eyelids fluttered open, and hazy green eyes rolled to meet mine. She blinked. I blinked.
“What,” she said, her voice remarkably calm, “are you doing in my room?’
“Um,” I said, because it was the only thing I could think of.
Kai propped herself up with a sigh. “I knew it. You’re a creep.”
My cheeks heated up. “No! No, I’m not! I was just—”
“You were about to try some Sleeping Beauty shit, weren’t you?”
“I wasn’t! I wasn’t!” I cried. 
When she ran a hand through her hair, parting the curtains in front of her eyes with a small laugh, I could only sigh. I rubbed my eyes, because I was sure my face was red. I really should’ve been used to this by now. 
“Dude,” I said.
“Dude,” she said.
“Not cool.”
“Totally cool,” she disagreed. She waved me over with a hand and patted the bed space next to her. I crossed the rest of the room with long sweeping strides, deciding to ignore the past thirty seconds. When I sat down, she was trying her best not to smile.
“What?” I said.
Her lips twitched. “Nothing.”
“Then why are you smiling like Gollum at his precious?”
She punched me. Hard.
“Ow,” I said, holding my shoulder.
“Good,” she huffed.
I nursed the sore spot. “At least you can still punch like that.”
Kai snorted. “I’m not dying, idiot. I can still kick your ass.”
“I know.”
Her eyes snapped to mine. “I’m not.”
“I know,” I said again.
“Good.” She leaned back into bed with her arms crossed. I took the moment to examine her. Now that she was awake, a healthy flush had adorned her cheeks. She looked better than last time. “How’d you get here, anyway?” she asked. 
“I took the train.”
Kai rolled her eyes. “I know that, genius. I mean how’d you get in here. This room. My parents told the front office no visitors were allowed. Only family gets in.”
“Oh,” I said. “Um, I walked.”
“You walked,” she said.
“Yup.”
“Nobody stopped you?”
I shook my head, and Kai let out a wondering huff. “Wow.”
“Yeah.”
“So much for hospital security.”
“I’m sure they tried. Though you’re making it sound like you don’t want me here.”
Kai examined her nails. “What makes you think I did in the first place?”
“Ouch,” I said.
She laughed and took my hand in hers. Warm fingers slipped through mine and tangled up a knot. It was messy, awkward even, but it felt right. Her thumb brushed against my knuckle and left a little trail of fire on the back of my hand. “I’m glad you came, Chris,” she said. 
“Me too,” I managed to say.
“Are you blushing?”
“Shut up.”
Kai laughed again, the sound like tinkling windchimes. She squeezed my hand. “Seriously though, I am glad. It’s been so stuffy these past few days. No TV. No sunlight. Contacts all the time. I don’t know how people do it.”
“My dad reads a lot,” I told her.
“Sheen?”
I shook my head. “He’s more of an articles and news kind of guy. He made me bring him his laptop yesterday because he wanted to read online.”
“Oh, wow,” she said. “He’s living the life.”
“You don’t have a laptop?”
Kai waved at her eyes. “No screens, remember?”
“Damn,” I said.
“Yeah.”
“So, what do you do?”
She smiled. “What do you think?”
Folding back the sheets of her bed, Kai pulled out an old notebook that was fraying at the edges. The pages were wrinkled and jutted out at odd places. A pencil was clipped to the coils that bound it, its pink tip protruding from over the corner. My mouth fell open.
“That looks like mine!” I told her.
Kai’s grin widened. She passed it to me and made flipping motions. I did so, eyes growing wider with every page. It wasn’t that I’d never seen her artwork before; it was that I forgot how good she was. There was a simple sketch of a hospital room, splashed across two full pages. A vase with but a single flower, whose petals drooped over a lonely windowsill. A parade of cherry blossoms traveling across a bridge.
“My mom snuck it in for me,” she said. “Not on purpose, but…”
She pointed at her backpack. I nodded, faintly. “Uh huh,” I said, and kept flipping. After a few random doodles that looked like the street busker near my house, I stumbled across a person. A face etched in black and white. 
My heart skipped a beat, because I knew this face. “Kai, is this…?”
“Mhm,” she said.
It was Christoph, rendered onto paper. Kai’s imagination had certainly done him justice. His face was leaner than I thought, and the cheekbones I’d spent so long describing were even rounder than I wrote them to be. His hair fell in front of his eyes like waves. A hoodie drooped halfway over his head. He had earbuds in.
“He looks kind of emo,” I said. 
“Well, I was thinking of you,” she said.
I didn’t know what to say to that.
“Want to meet Taylor?” she asked.
“Sure.”
Kai motioned for me to flip to the next page. 
Unlike Andrew, whose face I knew from my own words and mind, Taylor wasn’t somebody I recognized right away. In fact, I had to spend a few seconds with the curve of her lips and the shape of her eyes before I realized what I was looking at. The Taylor I’d pictured wore a carefree smile; she was fierce, full of surprises and witty-one liners. The girl staring back was anything but.
She was normal looking.
My eyes jumped from her nose, to the tip of her chin, to the gentle swell of her cheekbones. The sloping shores of hair that fell across her brow allowed a few strands for her eyes, but were mostly brushed to the side. I was certain that the Taylor in front of me, inked with black and gray, was a far cry from the girl I had in mind. But for some reason, I couldn’t shake the feeling I’d seen her before.
Kai’s voice stirred me from my thoughts. “What do you think?” she asked. 
“It’s good,” I said. “She’s good.”
Kai’s brow furrowed. “Really?”
“Mhm.”
“Then why are you looking at her like that?”
“Like what?”	
“Like you don’t like her.”
“No, I’m not.” I opened my mouth, then closed it again. “I um, well it’s just—and I know this is going to sound kind of weird, but I think I’ve seen her before.”
Kai tilted her head.
“I mean, I know her,” I said.
“You better. She’s your character,” Kai said.
“No—I mean, yes. But I’ve seen her before.”
Kai’s eyes widened by a hair’s length, like she didn’t think I would. The muscles in her jaw clenched, and something dark passed over her features. I couldn’t place my finger on it. Her voice was tight when she bit out, eventually, “She looks like her, I guess.”
“Who?” I asked.
“Sakurai.”
My lips formed a small ‘O.’
“It’s the eyes,” she said. “And the hair.”
I studied the girl on the page and tried to match it up to the images in my head. Penciled drawings on Kai’s walls were the only things I saw. Big open eyes and a toothy smile. A bow in her hair. There wasn’t a lot to go off of. 
“Um, yeah,” I said.
Kai took her notebook back with both hands, something tender softening her features. Her eyes seemed to grow several shades lighter as she brushed a finger over the page. Her touch was so gentle I imagined it sifting through the strands of hair. Even just watching her, I felt a lump form in my throat.
“Beautiful, isn’t she?” Kai murmured.
I nodded.
“And I still don’t think this is her, not really. She was prettier.”
The word was caused my chest to tighten. I wet my lips. “W-What was she like?” I asked. 
Kai thought about it for a moment. “She was… well, she was better than me. Smarter. Prettier too. Better at everything she did. And she was nice, so nice she didn’t care about any of that stuff. She was,” Kai let out a little laugh. “She was a princess.”
There were no words for that, so I listened.
Kai’s eyes drifted beyond me. “And I used to be able to tell you so many stories—all the cats we chased, the books we read, the boys we liked. But now, well…” her smile waned. “Now, I can’t. She gets away from me like a dream I can’t remember. I can see her in the distance, barely, but I can’t touch her. And I won’t get to. Not for a little while, at least.”
“Kai,” I said.
“I know,” she said.
The lump in my throat sharpened unbearably.
“Sorry,” she said, taking a deep breath. She shook her head. “Sorry, sorry. It’s just, being cooped up here for the past few days, my thoughts can turn a little dark.”
“Turn on the lights then,” I told her.
Her lips tugged up. “Can’t. My eyes suck.”
“Tell them to stop.”
“Oh, of course. Why didn’t I think of that?” she paused. “Hey eyes, stop sucking.”
“Maybe with a little more oomph,” I said, 
“Hey eyes! Stop sucking!”
“Perfect.”
Curved green eyes found my own, smiling. “Nice, you’ve cured cancer,” she said.
“Don’t I get an award?” I asked. 
“Only when you invent a time machine.”
“I better get started then.”
Kai laughed, the sound like a breath of fresh air. She squeezed my hand, warmly, and sent a thousand electric tingles down to my fingertips. One more squeeze, and the conversation was redirected. She’d always been good at that. “So, why are you really here, Chris? How can I help?”
“What do you mean?” I feigned innocence.
“C’mon. You didn’t come all the way to talk about my eyes.”
“What if I did?”
“Then I’d ask why you didn’t bring me Boba.”
My lips twitched, and I jotted down a mental note for next time. Strawberry Fresca with crystal Boba. “Fair enough,” I said. “The truth is, I came here because I made a promise. A pinky promise.” Kai blinked, her lips parting ever so slightly. She didn’t say anything, so I continued, gripping her gaze with mine. “And according to someone, I can’t break it."
Something dawned in her eyes. “Chris…”
I smiled. “Yeah. I came here to write a book.”
It was a long time before she found her voice, and it felt like an entire lifetime had passed before she blinked again. She was staring at me like the very first time I saw her underneath that bus stop. Like the world had passed her by. Like the earth had been ripped away from under her feet, and all she cared about was that I was still here. That I was real.
“Oh, wow,” she breathed.
“Mm.”
“W-What about your work?” she asked.
I pointed at the bags under my eyes. “I’m doing it. See?”
She nodded, faintly. “Uh huh.”
“What?” I said.
“Nothing. I’m just—wow. What brought this on?”
“I told you. I don’t want to break a pinky promise.”
“But that’s—”
“And, you know, I do want to know the ending of my own book.”
“Chris,” her fingers tightened around mine.
“Plus, you were being so pretentious with your sunsets and symbols and bullshit. And well, you convinced me. So there’s also that,” I said. 
Kai’s mouth fell open. “I wasn’t being pretentious!”
“Uh huh, sure.”
“I wasn’t! Sunsets have nothing to do with symbolism. They’re pretty, that’s all they are. They’re not—I mean, they’re sunsets.”
“Uh huh,” I said again.
Kai crossed her arms with a huff. She blew a strand of hair out of her face. “Whatever, you suck.”
I couldn’t help it, I laughed.
“Don’t laugh at me,” she said, her cheeks dusted a faint pink. When I tried to stop and failed, she gave me a little shove. “Dude!”
“I’m not laughing at you, I swear!” The curve of my lips said otherwise, and she knew it.
“You’re doing it right now!” she said. 
“Nuh uh!”
“Uh huh!”
That only made me laugh harder. Before long, Kai was giggling as well. Our laughter echoed through the room, as light as air, and for the first time since coming here, her room finally didn’t seem so dark. My stomach glowed with a climbing warmth. It felt just like the sunsets.  
“You know,” I said, when our laughs slowed to tiny gasps of air, and the space between us shortened until we were shoulder to shoulder. “Somebody told me this one thing that describes you perfectly.” 
“Yeah?” she said, reaching for my hands again. I let her intertwine our fingers. 
“Yeah. Shikata ga nai.”
Kai hummed under her breath. “Shikata ga nai.”
“It means—”
“It is what it is.”
I blinked. “You know it?”
Kai nodded. “My mom told me when I was a little kid. It’s what they said during the Japanese internment camps. To keep their heads up.”
“Oh, shit,” I said.
It was Kai’s turn to blink. Her eyes zeroed in on mine owlishly. “You didn’t know that?”
“Um…” Matt had never said anything about that.
Kai thumped me on the arm. “Dude, you’re terrible! That’s literally where the phrase comes from.”
My smile grew sheepish. “Woops?”
She huffed out, “Yeah, woops,” but she was still smiling.
“There was a point to this, you know,” I told her, bumping her with my shoulder. 
“Then hurry up and say it. I’m losing brain cells.”
I rolled my eyes, fighting down another smile. She started braiding our fingers, weaving the digits so that they looked like overlapping birds. I let out a soft breath. “Fine, fine. It’s, well it’s a little embarrassing, but I’ve been thinking about what you said.”
“Yeah?” she kept her eyes on our hands.
“Yeah. You’re a lot braver than me, and sometimes it’s super intimidating, but it’s also really inspiring too. You were in my head, like, all of yesterday.”
Kai hummed, but didn’t respond. My cheeks grew warm. 
“I-I’m not doing this correctly, am I?” I asked her. 
She let out a soft laugh. “No, but you’re trying.”
I rubbed the back of my head, because that was all that mattered, right? “I guess, what I’m trying to say is I’m done being scared. It’s all just excuses anyway. The work, the assignments. And I don’t care how late I have to stay up and stuff. Things are already like this, so I’m going to make the best out of what I have. Here and now.”
“Not some other time?” her voice cracked. 
“Not some other time.
I found her impossibly green eyes, shining with a thin film of tears, and held on with my own. They were so bright, so incandescent in the dark, that I didn’t believe for a second they would lose their light. There was no trace they were dimming, nor a sign that they ever would. 
“You told me one day you wanted to make something that can someday, make somebody feel, somehow. That you would help me.” I lifted our pinkies and intertwined them. “You’re an artist, aren’t you?”
Kai brushed away a lone tear. “And you’re a writer.”
I gave her my best smile, feeling the back of my own eyes burn. “Yeah, I am.”

TWENTY-TWO
It was funny how unforgettable became the new normal. 
Writing the book was certainly unforgettable. Taking the train from New York to D.C., knees knocking as familiar landmarks rolled by, was unforgettable. Sitting at the foot of Kai’s hospital bed, now laminated with cat stickers, typing away at my laptop while she drew from further up on the bed, was also unforgettable. Sometimes, we’d talk. Most of the time, we were content to just enjoy each other’s presence.
Unforgettable blended into normal—quiet, ordinary, maybe even mundane.  But it was magical.
It felt like we’d tapped into a rhythm, a drumbeat only we could access. Her breaths were the steady thrums of the bass in that little pale room, and the click-clacks of my keyboard was the rattling of the snare. She was the conductor. I was the symphony. And we played, even as the storm clouds of April slowly creeped up on us.
Then, one night as I was about to get ready for bed, I got a call from an unknown number. My phone kicked up a fit on my nightstand and jolted me from the assignment I was staring unfruitfully at. I answered with no small amount of trepidation. It was almost midnight.
“Hello?” I said, ready to end the call if it was a telemarketer.
The other end of the line crackled once, before a familiar voice whispered back. “Hi.”
“Kai?” 
“Who else?”
My jaw dropped. “Where did you get a phone?”
“It’s my mom’s,” she replied, her voice quiet but smug. “She forgot it here.”
“And you thought calling me at twelve in the morning was a good idea?”
“Duh.” 
“What if you get caught?”
“I won’t.”
I paused. “What if I was asleep?”
Her laugh crackled over the line. “Yeah, right.”
“You—you suck.”
“I try,” she said.
I sighed and made sure she could hear me. Kai snorted into the receiver. The muscles in my shoulder popped as I stretched upwards. Something told me it was going to be a long night. I crawled into bed and placed the phone on the pillow next to my head. 
“What’s up?” I asked.
“Nothing much,” she replied. “You?”
“Oh, you know. The usual,” I told her. “These assignments haven’t been getting easier. I barely get any sleep nowadays. Matt actually told me the other day I looked like a raccoon.”
Kai clicked her tongue from the other side of the line. “I told you, dude. You need to take more naps. Haru-chan’s going to have to call you Zombie Nerd instead of Mr. Big Head now.”
“And whose fault is that?” I asked, toying with a small smile.
“Oh, hell no. No, no, no. Look here, mister—”
I cut her off with a laugh. “I know, I know. Don’t worry. I’m just messing with you.”
“I hate you.”
I stifled another laugh into my pillow, then rolled on my back. “Anyhow, what’d you call me for?” I asked her. “And holy shit, is that a waterfall in your room, or is our connection just terrible?”
“A waterfall…? Wait, give me a sec.” There was a faint rustling sound in the background, like she was getting out of bed. Then her voice came on again, “Shoot, sorry, yeah. It’s raining super hard. Want me to close the window?”
“Do you want to?” I asked her.
“Not really,” she said.
“Then, don’t worry about it. Also, it’s raining?”
“Uh huh. Why, is it not raining for you?”
I looked outside my window. A clear night sky stared back.
“Nope,” I said. “Clear skies for me.”
“Damn, lucky.”
“You don’t like the rain?”
“I’d rather have the stars.”
“It’s New York,” I told her. “The amount of light pollution here is insane. You probably couldn’t even see a star if you tried.”
“Have you?” she asked.
“What?”
“Tried, I mean. Have you tried stargazing before?”
I squinted out my window. “Well, I’m looking right now.” From this side of the glass, everything was a deep, inky black. “And I can’t really see anything. Just a bunch of city lights. A lot of darkness. No stars though.” 
“Try harder,” she insisted.
I fought down the urge to roll my eyes, then rolled my eyes anyway when I realized she wouldn’t know. The line crackled expectantly. I lifted the window until there was only a thin film of mesh separating myself and the outside world, and pressed my face against the night. Something twinkled—a small flicker of light.
I blinked. “Oh, wow.”
“What?” Kai’s voice grew excited. “What is it?”
“You were right,” I said.
“You can see the stars?”
“Mm.”
“What do you they look like? How many are there?”
“Um,” I said. “A lot.”
“Details, dude! Details! Describe them for me.”
“Describe them…?” I looked up at the stars, sprinkled across the sky like tiny crystals of salt. They weren’t particularly bright, nor were they particularly brilliant. They were just there. Quiet. Unmoving. Like something you’d notice in the background of a movie but never actually pay attention to. Until now.
“Well, they look like tiny lights in the sky,” I said.
“Tiny lights—dude.” I could practically hear her eyes roll. “C’mon, you’re a writer.”
I exhaled and pressed my face closer to the night. To the deep, dark heavens that stretched from one end of the Milky Way to the other, and to all the stars that twinkled in between.
“Paint me an image,” she said. 
“Those are two very contradictory things,” I said. 
“You know what I mean.”
I tried again. “Well, they’re pretty. And bright. And there’s, I don’t know, at least ten.”
There was a sigh from the other end of the line, and a muffled sound that sounded she was groaning into her hands. The corners of my lips tugged up, despite it. 
“You’re terrible,” she said. “Just describe them properly, please. My vision’s getting so blurry I can’t even leave my room anymore. I can’t look at them like you can.”
My smile fell away as quick as it’d come. 
“Right,” I said. “Sorry.”
“It’s okay,” her voice betrayed nothing.
I ignored the odd change in the air and looked further up. Once again, I wasn’t sure what it was she wanted me to say. They were just stars to me. Simple, white stars. But I had to try.
I took a deep breath. “Well, the stars, they look like tiny crystals of salt in the sky, sprinkled by… angels. Like fluorescent fireflies against a black satin curtain. Like fairy lights. Like little glow-in-the-dark stickers you’d find on the ceiling of a bedroom. They’re twinkling, and brilliant, and you could never tell that some of the stars you see today died millions and millions of years ago.”
 The call fell silent, and I stopped, not knowing what else to add. Then, her voice came back on again, quiet and laughing. “Well, damn. That’s depressing,” she said, though she sounded pleased.
“Oh,” I said.
She laughed again. “No, no. It was good, it was fine. It’s just, for such an emo boy, I don’t see how you ever liked happy endings at all. I feel like you’d be more of the type to write gothic fanfiction.”
I stayed quiet.
“Wait, no way.” The line hissed. “Tell me you didn’t.”
I refused to answer. My cheeks felt hot.
“Oh my god,” she said. “You did. You so did!’
“Only once!” I said.
“Uh huh, uh huh. Whatever you say. Don’t worry, I got you. Matt won’t know.”
“Speaking of Matt,” I coughed to change the subject. I was glad she couldn’t see how red my face was. “He said to tell you he misses you. And that he hopes you’re getting better. Oh, and that he’ll take you out on a date when you get back. He uh, he said you’ll see how hot he’s gotten.”
Kai stopped laughing. Her breath hitched against the phone, and I hit myself over the head as soon as the words left my mouth. Idiot. I cleared my throat in the unsteady silence, and was just about to say something, anything, when she sighed.
 “The new K-barb place. Down by 2nd street. We were supposed to go sometime,” she said.
I paused. “K-barb?”
“Korean barbeque.”
“Oh,” I said. “Um, is it good?”
“I don’t know, I‘ve never tried. It’s supposed to be pretty good though,” she said. There was another sigh, like the whispering of the wind outside. “Damn, that sounds amazing right about now.”
“You’ll get to go,” I reassured her. “One day, you will. Maybe I’ll even tag along.”
“You want to have lunch with a blind girl?” she asked.
“I want to have lunch with you,” I said.
“You might have to feed me, you know.”
“Here comes the choo-choo train.”
She laughed. A soft, gentle thing. “Thanks, Chris.”
A lump formed in my throat. “You’re welcome.” The next bout of silence was comfortable, and I let the night air wash over me. Moonlight mixed with the city and spilled silvery ribbons across my lap. The stripes of my pajamas danced with them.
 “Anyway,” I murmured, when a lone cloud drifted past the skyline. “What’s up? I’m pretty sure you didn’t call me at midnight for a chat.”
“You could at least pretend you like talking to me,” she said.
A small smile tugged at my lips. “What do you think I’m doing?”
“Kissing up, obviously,” she paused. “And um, don’t worry about it. If I remember I’ll tell you on Friday.”
“You sure?”
“Mhm, yeah.” There was another pause. “Sorry. I’ve been spacing out a lot lately. How’s—how’s your dad?”
“He’s good,” I said, deciding to roll with the change in topic. “He’s doing fine. Resting a lot, but that’s normal, I think. The doctors tell me he’s cleared for next week, so that’s also pretty good.”
“That’s good,” she echoed. Her voice was faint. “That’s good.”
“Kai?”
“Sorry, um, how’s the book?”
“Almost done,” I said. Her small bout of hesitance stirred the alarm bells in my stomach, but I chalked them up to a lack of sleep. “There’s only the ending left. Not much left to do, but sometimes, I kind of wish there was.”
“Yeah?”
“Well, it’s just, we’ve been working on this for so long. I don’t really know what I’ll do when we finish it. And how do we know it’ll make someone feel? Will people want to read it? Would I even want to read it? There’s just so much…” I trailed off, letting the thought hang in the air.
Kai hummed. “What’s it like on Sheen?”
“That’s different,” I said. “On Sheen, I’m Orion. People already want to read my stuff. But this, well—it’s only me, you know? Me and a full-length book.”
“So?” she said, and I imagined her tilting her head. 
I blew air out through my mouth. “So, I don’t know, we’re gonna have to publish it, and advertise, and get agents and stuff. And I don’t wanna deal with all that, man. I just want to write.”
“But if we don’t do all that people won’t read it,” she pointed out.
I buried my face in my knees. “I know, I know. Don’t remind me.”
“What was that? You cut off for a second.”
“No, nothing. Never mind.” I looked up and cleared my throat. “I’m just saying, like, what if nobody reads our book, even after it’s published? What if everyone reads our book, and we get super famous? There’s so much more to this than I thought, and it’s a little overwhelming. And I just… want to write.”
Kai’s voice was light. “I don’t know, I think it’d be pretty cool if we got famous.”
I made a face. “Not really. Then we’d have to deal with other people.”
A soft laugh was my response. “That’s such a you thing to say.”
“What?” I protested. “I’m being serious. I don’t want to get hounded by paparazzi, or have little kids ask for my autograph. That sounds terrible!”
“Just use a pen name, idiot,” she laughed again. “Honestly, you’re such a big baby.” My cry of protest fell on deaf ears as she pressed on. “But for me, well, I think it’d be pretty cool if I got famous. People would see my art and remember me. Maybe they’ll even ask for my autograph. That’d be the dream, I think.”
“That sounds annoying,” I said.
“Hush, you,” she tapped the receiver. “I’m not saying I need history books; just a couple of people will do. Enough to make sure I’m not just another number. And after I’m gone, if I could live inside somebody’s memories, even if it’s for a little while…” she let the thought hang in the air. 
The silence that followed was steeped in quiet contemplation. The only sounds that whispered over the line were her slow, lulling breaths and the faint rushing of rain in the background. She was probably thinking about her legacy. The only thing I heard were the words after I’m gone.
“Um,” she said, after I had time to stew for a bit. “Sorry, sorry. I-I’ve been thinking really weird thoughts recently. My head’s all jumbled up. Is there anything else, or…?”
The alarm bells climbed from my stomach to my throat. I forced myself to answer.
“With the book?” I said. 
“Yeah.”
“Not really. There’s um, the cover.”
“Right,” she said. “The cover.”
“H-How’s that going by the way? Is there anything I can do to help?”
Kai fell quiet again. This time, the phone was eerily devoid of any noise.
“Kai?”
“Yeah!” her voice crackled back to life, sounding much more chipper than before. “Um, yeah! Yeah! It’s going. Sorry, I spaced out again. Don’t mind me. I’ve been going a little crazy, cooped up here 24/7. When are you coming next again?”
I bit my lip. “Friday,” I told her. “Two days.”
“Friday?”
“Yeah, is that cool?”
“No. I mean, yes. Yes, it’s definitely cool,” she said. “Sorry, I’m just kind of tired right now. Do you mind if we talk more tomorrow?”
“Will you still have your mom’s phone tomorrow?” I asked. 
“Oh, right.”
“Hey, no worries. I’ll come see you on Friday.”
There was another pause.
“Okay,” she said.
“It’ll be fine, Kai. I promise. I pinky promise,” I gripped the phone a little tighter. 
“Right, yeah. Of course. Sorry, I’m just, I just wish I wasn’t—” she broke off, swallowing thickly. Something soft, but inexplicably heavy, tapped against the phone on the other end of the line. Like raindrops against the receiver. I felt my throat tighten. The alarm bells cracked in half.
“Kai—”
“Friday,” she whispered. “I’ll see you on Friday.”
The line went dead with a low-pitched whine. I stared at my phone, burning in my palms with how hot it’d become, and set it down on the windowsill. Outside, the stars dimmed.
“Right,” I said to an empty room. “Friday.”

TWENTY-THREE
The forecast for Friday said rain. Dad’s text said to wear warmer jackets. I said no to both. So when the wind was cold and harsh against my neck, and my bones rattled as I shut the taxi doors, I blamed Matt. It was his fault, really. He was the one who kept bugging me to visit Kai. 
I walked inside. The lobby was fuller than usual; the rows and rows of chairs were occupied to the very last spot. Families huddled together and whispered in hushed tones. I tried not to listen to what they were saying, not because I was polite or whatever, but because I didn’t want to unsettle my stomach. The line for the elevator was too long. I decided to take the stairs.
Halfway up and I was already regretting it. Dad’s words played in my ears like a constant loop, worse than a song. “Exercise’s good for you! Exercise’s good for you!”
I knocked on Kai’s door when he finally shut up. 
The blinds, thin white strips of overlapping metal, covered the tiny window looking into her room. The lights were dimmed, that much I could tell, but nothing else. My own reflection peered back at me. Sweaty. Disheveled. 
“Damn,” I murmured, running a hand through my hair. “You’re gonna make fun of me, aren’t you?”
Kai didn’t answer, so I knocked again. 
Tap. Tap. Tap. 
“Kai, it’s me!” I called out.
Again, she didn’t respond.
I frowned. That was odd. Normally, she was rather good about answering the door. I would be too if I was locked up in a hospital room all day. I knocked a tad bit louder. Maybe she was sleeping. Maybe she was drawing again. 
“Kai, you in there? I’m coming in!” I slowly inched open the door, blinking as my eyes adjusted to the change in light. “I brought you Boba—”
The light from the hallway poured in, spilling over her bed. 
She wasn’t there.
The gravity of my stomach inverted, and my insides lurched to my throat. I pushed down the sudden bout of unease and looked around. She wasn’t in the corners. She wasn’t by the foot of her bed. The blinds that covered the other windows were closed as well, leaving a soft yellow lamp as the only other light source. It didn’t make finding her easier. I stepped inside, setting the bag of drinks down on a nearby counter, and closed the door behind me.
“Kai, you better not be waiting to scare me,” I told the dimly lit room. 
It was silent.
“Kai…?’
My gut churned. Her bed was unmade, the covers thrown off hastily and strewn to the side. I touched her sheets; they crinkled under my fingertips. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary except for a familiar jar of cherry blossoms sitting on the windowsill, and the empty, identical one next to it. I turned around. Her room was only so big, and there weren’t any other hiding places. It wasn’t as if she had a closet, it wasn’t as if she could hide either. I surveyed everything else.
“The bathroom, maybe?” I murmured to myself.
The hallway was quiet when I stepped back outside. I sat down by her door. I’d wait right here, I decided, because it wouldn’t look too great if she found me snooping around in her room. Then she’d make fun of me for being a creep again (and for looking like I just woke up, which was technically the truth, but she didn’t need to know that). The air turned cold when I pulled out my phone. I shivered despite myself.
Five minutes passed. Ten.
She still wasn’t back.
The somersaults in my stomach sped up. Going to the bathroom couldn’t have taken this long. There was just no way. I checked the time. It was a little past five. Nowhere close to dinner time. And even if it was, she wouldn’t have left the room. My mind suddenly jumped to a very dark place. I felt like I was falling.
What if…?
No.
I shook my head.
No.
The panic climbed higher still. There’s no way. There’s no way. There had to be some kind of logical explanation for this. She told me she’d see me here two days ago. Two days ago! She’d pinky promised. She couldn’t have—I scrambled back inside the room with my heart in my throat.
“Come on,” I looked around. “Come on, come on, come on! Where the hell are you?”
With her family? No, she would’ve told me.
The doctors needed her for something then. No way. She would’ve said something in advance.
I clenched my jaw. Where the hell was she?
I debated calling security, her parents, anyone, for a split second, then decided against it. Kai wasn’t stupid. She wouldn’t have left without telling someone. The muscles in my legs bunched up as I looked around—and when an idea came to me, cool and cold like liquid water, I couldn’t help but blink. The time read twenty past five. 
What if…?
I broke off into a sprint, past a startled nurse with a clipboard, past rows and rows of tall brown doors, and back onto the stairs. I climbed. Five. Six. Seven! I threw open the door to the roof with a bang, my heart pounding wildly in my throat.
There she was.
Kai stood on the edge of the hospital’s roof, overlooking the rest of the city. Dressed in a flimsy white gown, she looked almost transparent. Ghost-like. A harsh gust of wind buffeted her form, tossing her hair sideways. The churning in my stomach slowed to a stir. I took a single step toward her.
“Kai,” I breathed out.  
Kai remained motionless. She must’ve not heard me. Another breath of wind, softer this time, lifted her dress, ruffling her hair. She looked as if time had stopped. “Kai,” I tried again and inched ever closer. “Kai, how’d you get up here? It’s like a three-mile hike from your room to the roof.”
She didn’t answer. I kept talking, moving.
“It’s impressive you made it up here, honestly. Do you do this a lot? It’s probably good if you do. Exercise’s good for you.”
I was so close I could reach out and touch her now. But I didn’t. I couldn’t. She was right there in front of me, but somehow an entire sky’s length away. 
“Kai,” I said, softly. “I’m here.”
It was a long time before she responded.
“The cherry blossoms. They’re blooming, aren’t they?” she said.
My throat tightened at her voice. I looked past her and out at the city. Over by the basin, sprinkles of budding pink trees were beginning to bloom. A stark contrast to the water, it was as if they disagreed with the stormy sky above. 
“Yeah, they are,” I said.
“I knew it,” she breathed out. “I knew it. I can smell them, even from here.”
I stayed quiet as the lump in my throat hardened.
“A-Are they pretty?” she asked.
“I don’t know. I can’t tell,” I told her. 
“Oh,” she fell quiet.
I touched her shoulder. Kai tensed up, then wiped at her eyes, the tears on her arms glistening like tiny discolored jewels. A strong gust of wind flattened them against her skin. I took another step forward.
“Kai, what’s wrong?” I asked. 
She turned to face me, and time grinded to a halt. There was a moment where it seemed like the entire world had gone still, the storm clouds had frozen, and reality was reduced to the rooftop we shared. Horror billowed like smoke in my throat, so thick I choked. The words dammed in my lungs.
Her eyes, once a brilliant vivid green, were now foggy rings of mottled mint. They were so pale they looked white.
“Chris, I-I can’t see,” she whispered.
She took a single, uncertain step, reaching out with trembling hands. Her fingers latched on, fumbling for the fabric of my shirt. She took another step, then another, then another—until the milky pools in her eyes, devoid of all light, were boring past my own. Her toes bumped against mine. She pitched forward.
Then her arms were around me, and she was crying. Tears leaked from her eyes and down my shirt. I pressed her head to my chest and looked up, feeling the back of my own eyes burn. Her breaths came in ragged, watery heaves, like she was trying her best to hold back. She was saying something.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” she blubbered. “Let me take it back. Please. I-I don’t want—!”
I buried my face in her hair and squeezed her tight. I felt like I was going to be sick. 
She kept talking, sobbing. “I’m sorry for being stupid, and I’m sorry for being selfish,” she gripped my shirt and twisted the fabric. “I’m sorry for lying, and for not listening, and now everything’s ruined and it’s all my fault and I’m sorry!”
Then I was crying too, tears falling from my cheeks. Her hair stuck to my lips as I sucked in air, trying my best not to teeter over the edge. But when she started crying—as in, horrible, gut-wrenching sobbing, with so much force it almost sounded like she was throwing up—I lost it. The waves crashed, dragging me under.  
“It’s okay. It’s okay,” I was rambling even as I made a mess of her hair. “Shh, shh, it’s okay. You’re not—you won’t—” She cried harder.
We held each other, a tangle of heat and sticky cheeks and tears, and we cried until the cold sting of the winds turned numb against skin. Until the distant storm clouds hung only a few blocks away. Eventually, my lungs heaved themselves raw, and the tears faded until they were nothing but hiccups in my chest. Kai fared a little worse, but I managed to drag us to a corner, maneuvering through knots of arms and legs. 
We collapsed against the railing. She crumpled against me, utterly spent. Neither of us could speak. Eventually, when she mumbled something against my arm, I had to think hard about what she said.
“What?” my voice was hoarse.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered.
I took a second to catch my breath. “About what?” I asked.
“Everything.”
I shook my head. She shifted beside me until her forehead pressed against my shoulder, and her breaths burned hot against my skin. The tip of my nose grazed the top of her head. I put an arm around her, gently. 
“You’re okay, okay?” I told her. 
“But—”
“You’re okay.”
There was a small beat of silence. “Okay,” she whispered back.
Silence set in once more, blanketing us with its warmth. Despite the fact that we were on top of a roof, and Kai’s eyes were raw pools of milky white, and the storm clouds moved closer in a definitive forecast of rain, I managed to delude myself for a moment that everything was normal. We would go for a walk after this. She would laugh as she took my hand, then lead me off to who knows where. I would smile, and we’d end the day with the sunset, our legs brushing against each other as they dangled over the rusty green railing of her balcony. We’d be happy.
Up above, the sky rumbled.
I rubbed her shoulders and glanced at the horizon, where the orange of a familiar sunset was absent. A dozen birds fluttered erratically in the air, followed by the sweeping shadow of darkened clouds.
“Come on,” I murmured. “We should head back inside.”
I made to help her up, but Kai tugged on my shirt sleeves. She drew me back with a shake of her head.
“Not now,” she said.
“Kai—”
“Please. I-I can’t be there right now.”
“Kai, your parents—”
She buried her face in my shoulder and refused to let go. After a second more, I caved and sat back down, looping my arm around her. 
“Okay,” I said. “Alright.”
“I’m sorry,” she said.
I gave her a gentle squeeze. “Hey, don’t worry about it. Staying out here for a few more won’t kill us. We just need to get inside before the rain starts.”
“No, not that,” her voice cracked, and I turned my head to look at her. “I mean, I’m sorry,” she said. 
“What?” I said.
“For everything.”
“Kai—”
“I’m sorry I couldn’t finish the cover. And I’m sorry about the book.” Her voice started low, like she was confessing her deepest, darkest fears. My chest grew cold. “I’m sorry for lying to you, and for being a hypocrite. I’m sorry for being so selfish. And for being an idiot. I can’t do anything right, and I’m just—I’m just—”
“Kai,” I breathed out, as sinking realization—why she called me two days ago, why she was on this roof—set in. She trembled against me. “What’s this really about?”
Kai squeezed her eyes shut. A fresh film of tears welled up, turning the white of her eyes gray. 
“Next week,” she whispered. “There’s a surgery. Next week.”
My stomach dropped.
“T-The doctors, they told me my eyes were failing faster than expected. They said there’s a chance the nerve damage will travel to my brain, and that I’ll—that I might—” she choked on the words. 
“No,” I whispered.
“And they want to cut them out,” she said, almost hysterically. “They want my eyes. They want my eyes. And if they don’t take them, I die, and if they do, I still might die, and Chris I’m gonna be blind. I’m gonna be blind, and I don’t—oh God, I don’t—”
I pulled her into me, stifling her words with my heartbeat. Not because I was trying to comfort her, or even because I was trying to be strong. The truth was, I was so scared I didn’t want to hear another word.
Still her voice came, muffled and terrified, churning the climbing nausea in my gut. “And I’ve known this would happen for so long. For so long. I’ve had hundreds of nightmares, and I’ve thought about it, and I’ve drawn about it, and I told myself I’d be ready when the time came but now…” she whimpered, the sound like the shattering of broken glass. “I’m just so scared.”
I felt my mouth go dry. Her next breath was shaky.
“W-When Sakurai died, she only had me, and her parents, and nobody else. She was terrified we’d forget her. And I was the one to pinky promise her, and I’m not supposed to let her go and I’m trying not to, but what’s going to happen when I’m gone? Who’s gonna remember her?” Her voice grew higher and higher. “And I don’t wanna let her go. I don’t wanna let her go. I don’t wanna go. I don’t—” she pushed her face against my chest, choking on a sob.
“I’ll remember her,” I said.
The words were out of my mouth before I could reign them in. I didn’t know what the hell I was talking about, remembering a girl I’d never known. But I kept talking, letting the moment run from my lips.
“I’ll remember her,” I said again. “Her name’s Sakurai, and she likes cats. She has big eyes, and she’s pretty. She was your best friend, and a writer, and only got sixteen years when she should’ve gotten so much more.” The stream of words stumbled, almost breaking. I dug deeper. “S-She’s the stars you can’t see in New York. She’s the sunsets you look for in the city. She’s the cherry blossoms beginning to bloom, and the raindrops from the clouds, and—”
“The sleepiest girl in the whole wide world,” Kai’s voice was a whisper, but heavy with emotion. I kept talking.
“She’s the stories you write in bed—”
“And the worst tree-climber I’ve ever known—”
“She’s all the birds in the sky—”
“And she knew so many proverbs in Japanese—”
“And the great basin in summertime—”
“She baked the best cookies—”
“And the train that runs through the countryside—”
“And she was older than me, but hopeless with boys. And she had eyes prettier than mine, and her hair was softer than mine, and she wrote better than anything I could ever draw. She hated all the chores except for yard work—she loved yard work. And she loved classical. She was your biggest fan.”
I turned to her with a wobbly smile, dashing away a single tear on her cheek with the tip of my finger. “See, how can you forget?”
She was silent, so I continued. “You won’t, Kai. You won’t forget. She’s living inside you now, and she’ll never let you go if you don’t let her go.” I paused. “Okay, that didn’t make any sense, but you know what I mean.”
Another stretch of silence wormed itself between us. 
“But what if I die?” her voice was quiet.
The question hung in the air, gray and looming, as I struggled for a response. “Y-You won’t. I won’t let you,” I said. 
“Will you remember her?” she asked.
“Kai—”
“Will you?” 
She pushed away from me with those unblinking pale eyes, boring into nothing. She must’ve been looking for my face, but through the cloudy, foggy pools, I couldn’t tell if she was looking at me, or through me. My own eyes burned. I forced myself to nod.
“Yeah,” I said.
“Good.”
She relaxed into my chest again, and my heartbeat was so fast it felt raw.
“But Kai, you won’t—I mean, I won’t have to,” I said. “Because you will, you said it yourself. You won’t die, remember?”
She was silent.
“We still have to try that K-barb place. A-And we still have to write way more books, and watch more sunsets, and be pretentious, and annoy Matt, and we’ll—and we need to—”
There was a broken whimper, like she was trying her best to hold back the tears, but couldn’t. Seeing this, I choked on my next breath.
“Come on, Kai, please.” The tears started falling. I could barely get the words out. “Lets—let’s go see the cherry blossoms. They’re blooming right now, and they’re beautiful. They’re beautiful! And I can’t see them from here, but if we get closer, if I carry you closer, then we can see them. We’ll get to—and you’ll get to—”
And Kai’s voice, thick with tears of her own, cracked like the rumbling of thunder. “Sorry, Chris. Maybe some other time.”
The sky opened up, a tumultuous sea of gray.
It started raining.

TWENTY-FOUR
Grandma loved the cherry blossoms.
Pale pink slips in the wind.
In the spring, there were thousands in the air, dancing to the symphony of laughing children and ice cream trucks. In the rain, there were none. They plastered to the streets instead, like somebody had tossed armfuls of shaved salt on the ground. The color of their petals seeped slowly into gray. The relentless downpour washed them away.     
Grandma used to say that every cherry blossom represents a life, and that when one falls, it means somebody’s passed on. It occurred to me that the cherry blossoms on the ground, those that were left, at least, resembled the pale white heads of crumbling tombstones. I wondered if I’d walked over Kai’s.
That night, I went to visit Dad.
He was scrolling on his laptop when I walked in, the soft blue glow of the computer screen reflecting off his reading glasses. His head was shaved—a side effect of the pre-surgery treatment. His skin was covered with mottled red spots. Long, bending shadows fell from his cheekbones to his lips. He looked smaller every time I saw him. 
Dad smiled when he saw me. “Kiddo, you’re here early.”
“It’s eleven,” I said.
“I know.”
Dad took off his reading glasses and set them aside. He flicked on the lamp by his dresser, then patted a spot on the bed next to him. With two sources of light, the shadows fled from his face, and the full extent of his scars were visible. Now he looked less like a ghost, and more like a prisoner of war. 
He beckoned for me with a hand. “C’mere, you.”
I moved closer.
“Why the long face?” he asked when I sat down.
“What?” I said. 
“You look like a horse about to keel over.”
“Dad,” I said, tiredly.
“What?”
“That was terrible.”
“Your sense of humor is terrible,” he shot back. When I didn’t respond, he tried again, nudging me in the side. “Hey, come on. Lighten up. Your old man’s trying here. Isn’t that what you kids want? For us to be cool?”
“No,” I said.
“Here, watch this. I learned this one from YouTube.”
“Dad, no—did you just dab?”
He beamed. The corners of his mouth lifted upwards, and one particularly red spot, like an old sore that never healed, caved with his dimple. 
“Now I see why you spend so much time on your phone,” he said. “All these memes. The Internet’s hilarious.”
I shook my head. “Dad…”
“I know, I know. Hold the applause,” he held up a hand. “You can tell me how great of a dad I am later.”
“No.”
“That’s cold, Kiddo.”
“Why are you like this?”
“Because you still haven’t laughed yet.”
I stilled, staring at him as his smile turned wry.
“Come on,” Dad said. “I know my eyes aren’t what they used to be, but I can still tell when something’s up. You’re here at eleven on a Friday night. You look like you’ve been crying.” His hand settled over mine. His palms burned. “What’s going on, Kiddo?”
I swallowed the bitterness in my throat. “It’s nothing,” I said.
“Kiddo,” he said.
“It’s nothing.”
Dad hummed, but didn’t press me further. “Okay, alright. How’s school then?”
“It’s good,” I said. There was a pressure in my gut, slowly building.
“Mm, I’ll bet. Knowing you, you probably have straight A’s, huh?”
“Yeah.”
He ruffled my hair with a smile. “Attaboy.”
Disconnected images of days long past rose to the forefront of my mind—when it was just the two of us in the house, hiding from the rain, and I’d bounce on his lap while we took turns playing computer games on his desktop. The tension clawed its way up to my chest.
“So um, what’ve you been up to?” he asked.
“School,” I said.
“Besides school. What else? You still hanging out with Matt?”
My next words failed me, so I nodded.
“Great, great,” he seemed pleased. “I like Matt. Sweet kid.”
He fidgeted with his fingers, as if unsure of what to say. My breath was dammed up in the back of my throat, pinched between my tonsils and the pressure in my airway. There was so much to say, but I just couldn’t do it.
Dad started up again. “So, I’ve been reading a lot. You know, in down time. And I found this one website you might like.”
“Dad,” I said.  
“I remember you and Grandma used to love reading. And since you’re here, I thought I might show you. You know, because you could get back into it again. And I know what you’re thinking—”
“Dad—”
“But this guy’s pretty good. He writes a bunch of short stories—”
It was getting harder to speak. “Dad, please—”
“And there’s this one story—”
“Dad.”
Dad paused, looking over at me. His eyes widened when I wiped at my own. The dam in my throat bent, caved under the pressure, then burst. I sucked in a deep breath, and the words came flooding in. With them came a fresh film of tears. 
“There’s um, there’s um—” I stumbled over my words. “I have to tell you something.”
“Oh, alright,” he said. His voice was quiet.
Another shuddering breath. “I don’t—I mean, I can’t stand if you…”
Dad shifted under the blankets. His hands scooped up mine and squeezed. 
“What?” he asked. “What is it?”
“I mean, next week, if you—!”
Dad let my hands fall. He cupped my cheeks instead. “Chris?”
“The surgery, the surgery!” I bit out. “I can’t stand it if you, I don’t want you to—!”
I squeezed my eyes shut, heaving heavily. I didn’t want to break down, least of all in front of him. My lungs burned hot all the while. 
Dad was quiet for a moment. Then, he drew me into his chest with painfully frail arms and let his heartbeat do his talking. Curled up in his chest with the heat of his skin against mine, it was all too much. I inhaled a mouthful of shirt, and shuddered when the first sobs ripped from my throat.
“Dad,” I choked out.
Dad’s grip tightened; he hugged me closer to his chest. He smelled metallic, like somebody had coated him with blood. But beneath it all, he still smelled like Dad—like old cologne and cheap coffee. I cried harder.
“Shh,” he whispered. “Shh-shh-shh.”
“Dad, I can’t—you can’t go, you can’t.”
“Kiddo, I’m not going anywhere—”
“You can’t. Please, you can’t,” I moaned.
“Chris, shh. I’ll be okay. Shh-shh-shh.” Dad stroked the back of my head, running his fingers through my hair until I sagged against him, trembling and spent. “Hey, it’s okay. It’s alright. Your dad’s gonna be fine, I promise. The surgery—”
“No!” 
I struggled in his arms and pushed away from him. Tears blurred my eyes, but I wiped at them angrily. They came away raw and stinging.
“You can’t,” I told him. “I won’t let you, I won’t let you! If you go—if you leave me, I won’t forgive you! I won’t!”
Dad didn’t say anything, but his eyes seemed impossibly old in that moment. It was as if he knew this would happen, as if he had dreamt about this exact moment many, many times before. He drew me back in, and I let him wrap the covers around my shoulders. His palms rubbed soothing circles on my back. He murmured softly against my hair.
“Chris, I have to,” he told me. 
“No—”
“Chris.”
“Dad, please.” I blinked away the tears and grabbed him by the shoulders. I needed him to see me, to know that I was serious. “You can’t. If you stay, if you don’t do the surgery—we can go back to normal. We can go back to normal. We can live in our house again, and I’ll make you red-sauced spaghetti, and I’ll take care of you, Dad! I promise. I’ll take care of you—”
“And waste your time on an old man like me?”
 His words were quiet, barely whispered over the whirring of the machines in the room. But they were deafening to my ears. My mouth dried up like the desert. 
“Dad—”
“I know, Chris. I know.”
Something hot and wet dripped onto my neck. I looked up in time to see another tear fall. My stomach felt like it was sinking, and realization, equally as heavy, set in.
“What?” I breathed out.
“I know,” he said again. The tears on my neck continued to burn. “I know about the assignments. And I know about the late nights. I know how hard it must’ve been, and how much I put you through and Chris, I’m sorry.”
It was becoming hard to speak. “Y-You know?”
“Of course I know!” he said, swiping at his eyes. The motion was jerky and angry, and when he pulled away, his eyes were rimmed with red. “You’re my son, Chris. You’re my son. You’re so good, and kind, and brave, and—and I’m supposed to be the one taking care of you! I’m supposed to be your dad, and I—” He choked on a sob. 
I felt like I couldn’t breathe. “Dad…”
“And I had to watch, day after day, week after week, as you did my work. My work. And I-I let you do it. We need the money so bad and I let you do it.” He was crying now, his breaths ragged and shaky. “I’m supposed to be your dad. I’m supposed to be your dad. And Chris, I’m so—I’m so sorry.”
The back of my throat tightened, and for the second time that day, I felt like I was going to drown. My lungs struggled for air as another wave of tears swelled. I sucked in harder, doing my best to hold on. 
Dad’s voice changed with a shuddering gasp. “So I have to, Chris.”
I shook my head. “No, Dad—”
“I know it’s scary, and I know the risks, but I have to. For you.” He tilted my chin up so that I would look at him. My eyes, watery as they were, met his. “For you,” he said again. Then, he smiled, and his lips struggled into something I’d seen a thousand times. His voice shook with every word. His cheeks glistened with tears.
The waves climbed higher still.
“You’re such a kind boy, always worrying about others. You have such a good head on your shoulders, and such a wonderful mind. You’re gonna do amazing things one day. Amazing things.” His voice cracked on the very last syllable. “How selfish would I be if I kept you all to myself?”
“Dad, please,” I almost couldn’t get the words out.
The waves were so tall now they towered over me, held back only by the dam in my throat. When he inhaled again, pressing my head against his shoulder, the first cracks appeared. 
“So I’m going to fight, Chris,” he said. “I’m going to struggle, and fight as hard as I can to come back to you. Your old man’s not down for the count yet. He won’t be for a long, long time. I still have to be your dad; I won’t lose to some stupid disease. That’s a promise.”
 The waves peaked, tipping over the top of the dam, and everything came crashing down. A torrent of tears dragged me under, refused to let me go. And I cried. Dad gathered me into his arms then, rocking back and forth, just like he did when I was younger and everything was okay in the world. I cried and cried, but he didn’t let me go.
“Dad!” I blubbered through the tears. “Dad, Dad!”
It was all I could say. The only word that could fit through my throat. I cried it over and over again until my voice was hoarse and raw. I turned his shirt into a wet, hot mess; I pounded my fists against the pillows. Still, he didn’t let me go.
“I’m not going anywhere,” he said to me, pressing his lips against my brow. “That’s a promise.”
I cried even harder.
When the night deepened into early morning, and the rounds of nurses making their last shift shuffled by outside, I lifted my eyes to meet his. A thin film of tears still coated my eyelashes, but the sobs that’d racked my chest had long abated into tiny tremors. Dad smiled down at me, brushing back a stray lock of hair.
“Hey, Kiddo,” he whispered.
“Hey, Dad,” I croaked out.
“How’re you feeling?” he asked.
I shook my head, and Dad hummed beneath his breath. There was nothing else I could say to him, except a single stupid question. I wrapped my pinky around his and lifted our intertwined fingers, bringing them up for him to see. He fell quiet, studying them.
“D-Do you pinky promise?” I asked. 
It was a childish thing to say, I knew that. But Dad didn’t hesitate. He touched his thumb to mine and gripped my finger a little tighter. No more words were said. None needed to be said, except three.
“I pinky promise.”
And that was that.
We laid there in the dark, covered by a blanket that covered both our waists. His arms were wrapped around my shoulders; his chin was pressed to my head. In between the lucid moments, when I was half-way between sleep and consciousness, I really did dream that everything would be alright. Because I could hear him—a constant thump, thump, thump against my ears. It was just as real and as loud as my own heartbeat. There was no sign it would stop, nor even a chance it would slow. It was all I wanted to hear.
“Hey, Kiddo?” he whispered, when a single beam of moonlight arced across the room. His voice stirred me from my thoughts, and my eyes fluttered open.
“Hm?”
“Remember that deal we made, way back then?” he asked. 
I nodded, blearily. “Mhm.”
“Have you given any thought to it yet?”
I nodded again.
Dad’s lips grazed the top of my head. “So, how about it? What do you want to be?”
TWENTY-FIVE
“A story-teller?”
“Mhm.”
Chris nodded, sitting cross-legged on the grass. Sakurai sat opposite of him, big green eyes following the circles he traced in the dirt with a stick. He looked up when he finished writing his name.
“Grandma told me that’s what knights do when they grow up,” he said. “They turn into story-tellers. Bards and stuff.”
“What’s a bar?” asked Sakurai.
“It’s like the grown-up way of saying story-teller,” he said.
Sakurai’s eyes went wide. “Huh,” she said.
Chris nodded and returned to tracing shapes on the ground. His stick parted the layer of Pretties covering an ocean of grass; he pretended it was a sword, and wherever his sword went, waves of pink followed, rippling like dragon fire against a kite shield.
“So, what do princesses do when they get older?” asked Sakurai.
Chris paused at the strange question. He wasn’t sure Grandma had mentioned anything about grown-up princesses, so after a few seconds, he cleared his throat and told her, “I think they turn into grown-ups.”
“Grown-ups?” she repeated.
“I think.”
Sakurai wrinkled her nose. She fell back into the grass and spread her arms, knocking up a flurry of pink. 
“Well, that stinks,” she said. “I don’t want to be a grown-up.”
Chris looked up from his stick. “You don’t want to be a grown-up?”
“No.”
He blinked. That was odd. “Why not?” he asked. 
Grown-ups could go on way more quests. They could stay up later than eight, and drink as much soda as they wanted. Grandma was a grown-up. Dad was also a grown-up. Why wouldn’t anyone want to be a grown-up?
“Because they always forget stuff!” Sakurai cried. She flapped her arms again and displaced a few more petals. “Like my mommy! She makes a bunch of promises, and she always forgets them!”
“Pinky promises?” he asked.
Sakurai shook her head. “No, she’s not a princess.”
“Oh.”
“And grown-ups are so weird.” Sakurai rolled over to stare at him. She started counting off her fingers. “They go to sleep really early even though they’re allowed to stay up late. They only ever talk about the socks market. And sometimes, when they think I’m sleeping, they whisper really loudly in the living room, and I can never understand what they’re saying.”
She cupped her cheeks with a sigh. “I never want to be a grown-up.”
Chris scooped up a handful of Pretties and studied them. He stirred them with his stick. 
“But you’ll have to,” he pointed out. “One day.”
“I know that,” she said, and scooped up her own handful of Pretties. They fell through her fingers like pink confetti slips. Her next words were spoken with all the glumness a girl her age could muster when talking about homework, or being put to bed early. “But I still don’t want to.”
Chris nodded. From the looks of it, it sounded like a real problem. He could tell, because the snow angels she made in her bed of pink weren’t nearly as enthusiastic as the ones she’d made the day before, or the day before that. Naturally, as an anointed knight under Grandma’s service, he had a solution.
“Let’s be not grown-ups together then,” he said.
Sakurai blinked. “I-Is that okay?”
“Sure.”
“But don’t you want to be a bar?”
 “You don’t have to be a grown-up to be a bard,” he told her. “I tell you stories, don’t I?”
Sakurai scratched the side of her cheek. “Huh. Well, okay!”
“Okay?”
“Yeah!”
Chris beamed, pitching forward until he was lying on the grass across from her. He propped himself up on both elbows and said, “Then that should be our next quest. We’ll find a way to stay eight forever.”
“Ten,” she corrected.
“Eight!” he said, and they both giggled. 
Chris decided he liked it when she laughed. He especially liked the way her eyes lit up. Sakurai’s voice drew him from his thoughts. 
“Hey, how many more Pretties do we need anyway?” she asked him. 
She nodded at Roger, which he’d left under a nearby tree so they could take a small break. Chris quickly cleared the heat in his cheeks. He racked his head and added the numbers in his head.
“Um, I think five?” he said.
Sakurai nodded. “Okay. Come on then. Let’s finish this quest so we can go on to the next one!” She rolled over and helped him up. The smile in her eyes had him scrambling to his feet.
He grinned back. “Let’s!”
They skipped to the nearest tree and waited for a dragon to roar, then jumped when the Pretties came falling. Sakurai grabbed three, cupping them in her hands. He saw this and reached for only two. When the branches stopped shaking, and the ground was foaming with a new layer of pink, they compared their bounties under the splintering rays of sunlight.  
“That’s five,” said Sakurai.
“That’s one thousand,” he corrected her. He was just about to unzip Roger when the weighty anchor of realization dawned on him. They’d collected a thousand Pretties. They’d collected a thousand Pretties. The pale slivers in his hand suddenly seemed much, much bigger.
“Oh, wow,” he said, his eyes growing wide.
“Wow,” she said, her eyes growing just as wide. 
There was a pause where they stared at each other, and the odd tingling of sunsets warmed his stomach. Chris had no doubt that Sakurai felt it too. It was the same feeling he got whenever Grandma ruffled his hair for a job well done, whether that was helping her with the cookies or simply setting the dinner table. It never failed to bring a smile to his face.
“That’s a really, really big number!” he said. 
“That’s a really, really, really big number!” she said.
Her smile matched him tooth for tooth, and when she lunged forwards to hug him, he threw his arms around her with a peal of laughter. She was yelling in his ear, her cheers both incomprehensible and louder than his thoughts. The sunsets felt warmer than they ever had. 
“That’s amazing!” she gushed when she pulled away. “You can finally do your spell now!”
He nodded, still not quite believing it himself. “Grandma can finally come home!”
Sakurai took his hands in hers and clasped the Pretties between their palms. Chris had no doubt they were slightly rumpled, but he was smiling so hard he didn’t care. He let his hand linger for a second longer, before slipping the Pretties under his beanie.
“I’m going to take them back to Grandma,” he told her, once the Pretties were snug and secure. “Then she can do the spell, and she’ll come home, and we can all go out for ice cream!”
Sakurai nodded. “Yeah, sounds good!”
“Do you want to come?” he asked her.
“For ice cream?”
“Mhm!”
Sakurai thought about it for a moment, then shook her head. Her lips sloped into the beginnings of a pout. “I don’t think I can. Mommy says I have to meet her on the bridge at sunset, so we can beat up traffic.”
Chris blinked. “But, that’s now.”
And so it was. Past the bridge and behind the great basin, a glittering column of gold bisected the waves. Above it balanced a velvety sun, slowly sinking into the earth. It was as if somebody had dunked the horizon in a bucket of swirling paint—of vivid reds and oranges, pinks and purples. Chris blinked again. He had never seen so many colors in the sky. He didn’t think he ever would.
Sakurai tugged on his hand. “You’re right. Come on!”
Chris tore his eyes away from the sight, and quickly caught up to her side. He matched her stride for stride as they made their way towards the bridge and the slowly dispersing Pretty Party. “Why do you think it looks like that?” he asked her.
“What?” she said.
“The sunset,” he said. “The other ones weren’t this—well, they weren’t this…”
“Pretty?” 
“Mhm.”
Sakurai linked her hands behind her back and did a little twirl. She hummed, then said, “Mommy told me sunsets can change colors based on what’s in the air.”
“What’s in the air?” he asked.
Sakurai didn’t answer. They came up on the bridge, with its freshly painted railings that were inked just as red as the horizon. Chris let her lead him through the crowds, until they were standing right in the middle and he felt like an ant dwarfed by long wooden planks and the vast, violet sky. Sakurai tugged on his hand. They looked over the water together. 
“Maybe it’s that bird,” Sakurai said, pointing at a flock that drifted over the trees.
Chris was caught off guard for a second, before realizing she was answering his question from earlier. He shook his head. “I think it’s those clouds.”
“The one that looks like a chicken nugget?”
“No, the one that looks like a dinosaur.”
“Your chicken nuggets don’t look like dinosaurs?”
“Oh, good point.”
They said nothing as the sun sank beneath the waves, and the horizon shifted from the harsh colors of sunset to the soft lulls of twilight. Chris knew he should’ve boarded his train a long time ago, but with his heart beating as fast as it did whenever she held his hand, and the soft song she hummed beneath her breath, how could he go? He turned to her.
“Do you think—?”
“Nee-chan!”
He blinked. What was that?
“Neeeee-chan!”
Across the bridge, somebody was sprinting towards them. A bundle of wildly bouncing hair. He had no time to react, not even time to make out what it was, before it blurred past him and slammed into Sakurai, prompting a surprised “Oh!”
He blinked again. Nee-chan?
Sakurai giggled when she regained her bearings. “Akari-chan, don’t tackle me like that!”
“Never!” the bundle of hair declared, pulling off her. 
Chris stared. It was another girl. She was grinning toothily at Sakurai, with long locks of hair stuck to her lips and flyaways licking the side of her ears. It occurred to Chris how similar they looked. The same lilting smile. The same pair of bright, green eyes. And when they wrinkled their nose at the same time, Chris’s eyes widened.
Oh.
“Are you a princess too?” he blurted out.
The would-be-princess blinked. “What?”
“A princess,” he said. 
“Nee-chan?” the newcomer turned to Sakurai, who was watching them with a smile on her lips and her fingers interlocked. “Who’s this?”
Sakurai spread her hands, looking exceptionally pleased. “Akari-chan, meet Chris. He’s a knight.”
Akari’s eyes widened. Chris did his best to look taller.
“Woah,” she breathed, looking him up and down. Big green eyes sparkled with awe, then turned to their sister pair. “Nee-chan, why are you with a knight?”
“We were on a quest together,” Sakurai answered. “He needed to get a thousand Pretties for his grandma.”
“Is that why he has cherry blossoms all over him?” Akari asked. 
“Mm!”
Chris shuffled in place as Sakurai and Akari both looked at him. He pushed a stray slip of pink back under his beanie and readjusted his scarf. “It’s the only way I can get them home,” he said, his cheeks warm.
Akari nodded, accepting his answer. “So, Pretties are cherry blossoms?”
“Pretties are Pretties,” he said.
Akari’s lips formed a little ‘O,’ and he turned around to show her his backpack. He unzipped Roger and let her take a peek inside. “Roger got too full, see?”
“Uh huh,” she said.
“Anyway, are you two…?” He swung back around, letting the question hang in the air. 
“Sisters,” said Sakurai. “We’re sisters, but I’m two years older.”
Akari bobbed her head. “She’s two years older.”
“So, she is a princess,” he said, pointing at Akari.
Sakurai tilted her head. She thought about it for a moment, connecting the dots in her mind, then said, “Mm, I think so. Aren’t you a princess, Akari-chan?”
Akari’s eyes were wide. “Are you a princess, Nee-chan?”
“Yup!”
“Then, yeah!” she beamed. “I’m a princess too!”
“Awesome,” he grinned. “I can’t believe I met—”
From the corner of his eyes, something flashed. He turned around as a flicker of movement rustled from beyond the trees. A collection of gasps echoed throughout the bridge, like wind whistling over a bottle, and he craned his head. Besides him, Sakurai’s eyes were bright with wonder. Akari had clambered on top of the railings, her finger pointed across the bridge. 
“Look!” she yelled. “The cherry blossoms!”
Chris stared.
In the last, splintering rays of sun, the surface of the basin rippled with the strength of a strong wind. With it came the Pretties. Like snowdrops dancing along invisible ribbons, they tumbled through the air, past his wondering eyes, and out towards the city. They were so close he could touch them. He reached his hands out, letting the breeze glide past his fingertips. 
Then, he was holding one.
“Nee-chan, look! He got one!” Akari peeled off the railings and leapt down next to him. She studied his prize with big green eyes. Sakurai hurried over.
“Oh, wow,” she said, peering at the single petal in his palm.
“Oh, wow,” Akari said. 
Chris nodded. The Pretty lived up to its name. It was a star misplaced from the heavens, gleaming in the twilight. It reflected an almost ethereal shimmer back into the sky. It was so pale it glowed silver. He looked over at the river of Pretties, carried out to the city by a wayward wind. He imagined they were glowing silver too. 
“One thousand and one,” he said.
“What?” Sakurai blinked.
“What?” Akari said, blinking as well.
If it wasn’t for the sudden weight of the boulder that plunked into his stomach, reminding him that he still needed to get the Pretties back to Grandma, he would’ve laughed at how steadfastly Akari mimicked her sister. Instead, he looked up with an awkward smile, dreading his next words the same way he dreaded the end of summer break.  
“Um, it’s—I have to go back now,” he told them.
Sakurai’s eyes snapped to his. She grabbed his arm. “What, now?”
Chris nodded. “Now.”
“B-But…”
Next to them, Akari cocked her head. “Nee-chan?”
Sakurai looked down, her bottom lip trembling. She fingered the cuffs of her sweater and tugged at the buttons, until Chris was sure they’d snap. When she spoke next, her voice was quiet.
“But what if I don’t want you to go?” she said. 
“I have to,” he told her.
“I know, but…” and when she started tearing up, he started panicking. He watched as she sniffled, wiping at the tears with her arms. He didn’t know what to say.
“Hey, you big meanie! You’re making her cry!” Akari kicked him in the shin, her face growing all red and pudgy. Her glare was almost as scary as the wet streaks on the sleeves of Sakurai’s sweater.
“No, I’m not—” he tried to say, but Akari kicked him again.
Chris looked around helplessly. It was as if time was crawling, and every aching step was painful. He could see Akari, so red she looked like she was about to explode; he could see the tears spilling through the wool of Sakurai’s sweater, tracking tear lines down her cheeks. 
“Okay, alright!” he cried out the first thing that came to mind. “Let’s—let’s make a pinky promise!”
Sakurai sniffled and looked up. Her eyes reminded him of a pool after it’d rained. 
“A pinky promise?” she said.
He nodded, swallowing. The words came to him, rushing from his mouth like a stream. “A pinky promise. That um… one day, we’ll play together again. We’ll climb trees, and get ice cream, and tell each other stories. And we’ll see the Pretties again.”
“And finish more quests?” Her voice was louder now. More hopeful.
“And finish more quests,” he said.
Sakurai took a tentative step forward, like she wasn’t sure she could believe him. She wiped away the last of her tears. 
“You pinky promise?” she asked.
“I pinky promise,” he said.
“You can’t break a pinky promise,” she said.
“I know, I won’t.”
He stuck out his pinky in the time-honored tradition of all knights and princesses. She wrapped her pinky around his and smiled. When her eyes lit up, and the uncertain curve of her lips illuminated her face, she reminded him of the sky after a rainstorm. She looked even prettier than the sunset. 
So when his cheeks tinged with warmth, he ignored it and chose to recite the ancient vow instead. “On my honor as a knight, I’ll uphold this pinky promise,” he said. 
“On my honor as a princess, I’ll uphold this pinky promise,” she said.
They shared another smile, and it seemed to Chris that everything was finally going to be okay. Sakurai had stopped crying. He was going home. But before they could untangle their fingers, Akari wrapped her pinky around theirs. 
“Wait, I want to pinky promise too!” she cried.
Sakurai blinked. “You want to pinky promise too, Akari-chan?”
“Mhm!” Akari nodded, then whirled on him with pleading eyes. “Can I please?”
“Um, sure?” Chris wasn’t sure why she was asking him, but he agreed, nevertheless.
“Do you remember the words, Akari-chan?” Sakurai asked.
Akari nodded again. “On my honor as a princess, I’ll uphold this pinky promise!”
Sakurai smiled at her. “Great job, Akari-chan!”
Chris blinked, a thought flickering to the forefront of his mind. The question had lain dormant in the background of conversation, a single thread in a web of ideas. But now that the opportunity was here, he grasped on to it and pulled with as much strength as he could muster.
“What does that mean?” he blurted out, before either sister could speak.
“What?” said Sakurai.
“Akari-chan. And she calls you Nee-chan. What does that mean?”
 “They’re nicknames,” Akari told him, after looking to her sister for confirmation. “I call her Nee-chan because she’s my sister, and she calls me Akari-chan because—well, because—”
“Mommy calls her that,” Sakurai supplied.
“Right, Mommy calls me that!”
Chris nodded. That made sense. “Like how I call Roger, Roger?”
“Right, exactly!”
Another idea came to him. Burning. Pulsing. “In that case, let’s give each other nicknames,” he said to the two of them. A smile split his face, and he nodded.  “Yeah, that way, we won’t forget about our pinky promise. And we’ll remember each other forever!”
Sakurai beamed, visibly pleased at the idea of being remembered forever. Her eyes lit up a brilliant green. “Yeah, let’s do it!”
Chris grinned back. “Okay then. You’ll be… Rai-chan.”
Sakurai giggled, then pointed a finger at him. “Then, you’ll be Ris-chan!”
“Oh, what about me? What about me?” Akari asked, bouncing up and down.
Chris tilted his head. “Oh, um…”
Sakurai grinned, and beckoned for her to come closer. She whispered the words into her sister’s ear, and Chris could only watch as Akari’s eyes lit up, as bright as the first star that appeared overhead. When they pulled away from one another, they were both smiling. 
“What?” he asked. “What is it?”
Akari turned to him. “You can call me Kai-chan!” 

TWENTY-SIX
Haru was waiting for me in Kai’s room.
He sat on her bed with one leg tucked and the other swinging despondently over the side. His shoulders were slouched. Mimi the cat was curled up next to him, as if she could sense his melancholy. Then again, anybody could. With the way his lips sloped, and the tiny sighs that escaped through his nose, it was like watching a tiny storm cloud, silently stewing.
I knocked twice. “Hey, Haru-chan.”
Haru looked up, held my gaze for all of one second, then went back to staring at his knees. He didn’t say a word, so I took it as an invitation to come in. Mimi watched me approach with sharp green eyes. She curled her tail, but let me sit beside them.
“What’s wrong?” I asked. 
Haru traced a misshapen flower in the sheets. He didn’t answer, and it occurred to me just how quiet he was. It was him who usually greeted me first on the weekends, and I’d gotten used to the toothy smiles—the sticky cheeks and the peanut butter sandwiches. Seeing him like this, with nothing to offer the air than empty sighs, it didn’t feel right. 
“Is everything okay?” I tried again. 
Haru shook his head. His eyes glazed over, like he was debating whether or not to answer me. Then, after a long moment of agonizing indecision, he pushed air out through his nostrils and his teeth with another sigh. “Mommy yelled at me earlier,” he said.
“Oh,” I kept my voice soft. “Why?”
He shook his head, glumly. “I don’t know.”
“Is it about Kai?” I asked.
A nod.
“Is it because she’s…?” The words caught in my throat, and I let them hang there. It wasn’t that I couldn’t complete the thought. It was that I didn’t want to.  
Haru sniffled and wiped at his nose. The back of his hand was wet when he pulled away. He murmured something beneath his breath, so quiet I couldn’t hear him.
“What?” I said. 
“I don’t want her to leave,” he said, louder. His voice cracked, and for a second, I thought he was going to cry, but he stopped himself with a sharp breath. His chest rattled when he exhaled. “I don’t want her to leave, and I told Mommy that. But Mommy said she might have to go, and I don’t want her to go, and Mommy got mad when I said that, and—and—”
My throat tightened. 
Mimi the cat meowed, placing a paw on his knee. Haru took a watery breath. “And it’s not fair. Mommy said she’s going to be happy in heaven, but heaven’s stupid, and Nee-chan won’t like it there—I know she won’t. She’ll hate it there, and she’ll want to come back, but then she won’t be able to because heaven’s stupid, and she’s stupid, and Mommy’s stupid.”
“Haru-chan,” I said. 
Haru shook his head, wiping at his eyes. “A-And if she goes, then who’s going to read me bedtime stories? Who’s going to pick me up from school? I don’t want her to go, Oni-chan. She can’t go.”
My words failed me, and I struggled for something to say. Haru started crying—soft, quiet sobs that he wiped away with the back of his arms. My heart broke watching him. He was nine, and should’ve been worrying about playdates and homework. He didn’t deserve this. I wrapped an arm around him and drew him close. He shuddered against my side. 
“I don’t want her to go either,” I told him. 
My voice was strained, and I cleared my throat. Haru buried his face in my shirt. We stayed like that, quietly, and I murmured low words of comfort for him. “You’re okay,” I told him, rubbing soothing circles on his back. “You’re alright. Kai’s going to be alright.” 
He wiped his nose on my shirt. Then, through a mouthful of hiccups and tears, he asked, his words slightly muffled, “You’re her friend, aren’t you, Oni-chan?”
I nodded.
“Can you tell her to stay, please?” 
His question was so innocent, so desperate, that I felt my chest twist and tighten with guilt. I swallowed. There were a thousand things I wanted to say to him, and a thousand more I wanted to warn him about. Things I would’ve liked to have known. Things I would’ve told myself. But Haru didn’t need my advice, not in that moment, so I steeled myself and nodded.
“It’s what I’m here for.”
The stairway to the roof never seemed longer.
Despite the storm that had ripped apart the sky, the world was bathed in sunlight today. Warm, gentle winds carried flocks of birds past the railings, and the clouds were puffs of cotton against a brilliant blue canvas. In the distance, wreaths of cherry blossoms frothed like seafoam.  It was a day worthy of springtime. 
Kai completed the picture. 
She stood on the far side of the roof, looking past the metal fencing. One of her hands was pressed to the mesh. The other hung loosely by her side. She wore a similar nightgown, true and white, with the hems lifting gently along the wind. Sunlight poured through her hair. In that moment, I couldn’t help but think that she looked like any other girl, toeing the edge of the skyline.
“Hey,” I said, coming up beside her.
“Hey,” she said. 
“How’re you doing?” I asked.
“I’m okay,” she answered.
I hummed, and said nothing else. We fell into a comfortable silence, looking out over the city. From on top of the roof, the horizon was a stretch of vivid blue, so seamless in color that it seeped right into the ocean, blending wispy clouds with city lights and sparkling waves. The air was warm. The wind swelled like high tide. And while it all seemed tranquil at first, the longer I lingered, the more Kai’s presence burned. 
It was like standing next to a furnace. Like something hot and angry writhed beneath her skin. She exhaled through her mouth, the sound dissipating into the wind. 
“I want to tell you something,” she said, breaking the silence.
“Oh, okay,” I said.
She took a deep breath. “I’m—”
“Come see the cherry blossoms with me,” I blurted out. The words spilled from my lips, unbidden and rushed. They were so hasty they left a rubbery taste in my mouth, like tire burns against cement. Kai’s shoulders tensed up. I tried again, slower. 
“They’re beautiful this time of the year,” I said. “Come… Come see them with me.”
Kai shook her head. “Chris, I—”
“Please.”
“No, listen. I need to tell you this one thing—”
“I know, I know. But if you come with me—”
“Stop, Chris.”
“People are saying—”
“Stop.”
The word was whispered, barely audible over the humming of the wind. I stopped. Beside me, Kai was shaking. Her fists were clenched. Her hair fell in front of her eyes when she spoke, dimming her expression like it darkened her voice. The sound was the rumbling of dark clouds before a storm. 
“Stop, please. I-I know what you’re trying to do, and I’m not in the mood right now,” she said. 
“I’m not doing anything,” I said.
“You’re trying to cheer me up,” she said. “Please, stop.”
“Why?” I asked.
She looked away, clenching her fists. “Because.”
“Because, what?”
“Because.”
“That’s not a reason.”
Her voice rolled like thunder. “It’s mine.”
“No, it’s not. Give me a real reason.”
“Because I can’t fucking see!” Kai exploded, whirling around so that we were face to face. The storm erupted, and lightning flared in her features. Milky green eyes glared at me, brimming with a thin film of tears. It was as if somebody’d trapped raindrops in a pearl.
“Why do you think I’m standing here? Why would I torture myself more? Why would I, if I can’t even—!” she squeezed her eyes shut. A single tear fell.
“I’ll describe them for you,” I said.
“What?” 
“I’ll describe them for you.” Kai was speechless, so I continued. “People are calling it the Ides of April. It’s supposed to be the prettiest Cherry Blossom Festival in a hundred years. Come with me. I’ll describe them for you.”
Kai’s mouth opened, then closed. Her voice was weak. “But, I can’t…”
“I’ll describe them for you,” I said again. “I’ll describe them so well you’ll be able to see them. I promise.”
“Chris—”
“I pinky promise.”
Kai fell quiet, so I crouched down in front of her and guided her hands around my neck. She hesitated, and for a moment, I thought she was going to tell me off or berate me for being stupid. A moment more, and she leaned into me, pressing gingerly against my back. Her heartbeat protruded from her ribcage. Her cheek was pressed to mine. I stood up.
“Alright?” I murmured.
She nodded.
I carried her down the stairs, step by swaying step. Her legs swung liltingly by my side. Her hair fell down her shoulders and mine. And despite the terrible sinking in my stomach—because nobody should’ve been this light—she still smelled like Kai. Like strawberries and cream. It made me feel a little better.
When we stumbled onto the great basin’s bridge, it was already midday. Sunlight kissed the surface of the water, leaving behind a sheet of sparkling blue that stretched as far as the Hudson. The Washington Memorial stood tall in the background. Rows of cherry trees, warm and willowy, draped over the shoreline. 
I carried her to the middle of the bridge, stopping by a section of the railing that was so old the paint had peeled off and the metal was left brown and bronzed. In an age long past, it might’ve been a brilliant, gleaming red. But now, as the years passed, so did its luster, scraped away by the shoes of children who dared to climb it. 
It was as good of a spot as any.
“You know, my grandma used to say every cherry blossom represents a life,” I said. “When you see one falling, it means somebody’s passed on. But there are new ones blooming all the time, and thousands more you can’t see with the naked eye yet.”
The words were quiet, dissipating into whispers on the wind. Kai was silent, content to listen to me. Her eyes were fixed on the shoreline. 
“Was that supposed to make me feel better?” she murmured.
“It wasn’t supposed to make you feel worse,” I said.
She buried her face in the crook of my neck, and I felt her smile. Her lips tugged up against my skin. Her eyelashes were wet.
“What?” I said, bumping her head with mine. 
“Nothing,” she said.
“Well, now you have to tell me.”
“No, it’s nothing. It’s just, you’re still trying to cheer me up.”
“Well, yeah.”
There was a small pause. “Thank you,” she whispered.
My throat pulled tight, like a rubber band being stretched to its limits, pale from the tension. I fumbled for the right words, but could only manage two. They slipped from my mouth, quietly. 
“Well, yeah.”
She laughed. A soft, gentle thing. “Thank you,” she said again. 
Her eyes drifted back to the shoreline, where branches of cherry tress swayed to life under a new wind. They danced and lapped at the surface of the water, dappling blue with slivers of pink. I watched as a wreath of petals brushed against the waves. 
It was as good of a time as any. 
“The cherry blossoms…. The cherry blossoms look like snow in the city,” I said. “They fall at five centimeters per second, drifting from side to side as if they have all the time in the world. The cherry trees themselves lean over the water. They look like bouquets of pink seafoam, or a cotton candy vendor lining up his goods. And in the distance…”
Something caught my eye. A flicker of movement among the trees. I trailed off, the words falling from my lips. Kai shifted against my cheek. 
“In the distance?” she repeated.
I felt my mouth go dry. 
“Chris?”
In the distance, a strong breeze had kicked up. The surface of the water rippled. With it came the cherry blossoms. Like pale, pink stars tied together by invisible ribbons, they drifted through the air, traveling across the bridge and towards us along the steadily approaching current. 
“My God,” I breathed out.
“What?” Kai asked. “What is it?”
“The cherry blossoms, they’re—” Then, the first stars were among us.
I squeezed my eyes shut and took an involuntary step back at the sudden gust of wind. When I opened them again, it was to a swirling pink sky. Cherry blossoms, a soft ethereal silver under the gleaming sun, fluttered past us like butterflies in a grand parade. We stood still, two kids against the world, and marveled at the sight of it all. It was like something out of a painting. Like something out of a dream.
Kai’s voice was soft, breathless. “Chris, are those…?”
I nodded, speechless.
She exhaled shakily. “C-Could you let me down, please?”
I kneeled and helped her stand on her own two feet. She swayed for a moment, like the petals in the wind. I thought she was going to fall, except suddenly, she was holding something in her hand and staring at it like it was worth all the stars in the night. A single cherry blossom. 
“Look,” she whispered. “I got one.”
When I started talking, I couldn’t stop.
“I’m almost done with the book. There’s only one chapter left. And I didn’t know how to end it, but I do now. I do now. And it’s not what you think—it’s a surprise. For you.”
Kai’s eyes, wide and unblinking, welled with tears. In the light, they looked almost green again.
“You can read it next week,” I told her. I took her hands in mine and clasped the cherry blossom between our palms. She felt so fragile in the moment, so frail, one gust of wind could’ve knocked her down. One wrong word would’ve destroyed her. But I kept going, speaking. “And next week, next week is everything. Your surgery. My dad’s surgery. I’ll have finished the book, and—”
Kai wiped at her eyes, shaking her head. “Chris,” she said.
“The surgery’s going to work,” I said.
“It might not.”
“It has to!”
She fell quiet, trembling. My own eyes watered with tears, and I dashed them away. It was stupid. Even now, I didn’t want her to see me cry. 
“The cherry blossoms, they’re—they’re blooming next week.” It was getting harder to speak, with my throat as tight as it was and the words ballooning so much so it felt like my lungs would burst. But I pushed through.
“Watch them with me, please.”
Kai choked out a quiet sob.
I squeezed her hands tighter. “And if you can’t leave the hospital, then I’ll bring them to you. I’ll bring them all to you, I’ll bring spring to you! J-Just promise me. Please.”
“Chris…”
“Please!” My hands found her shoulders. “There’s going to be hundreds in the air! Thousands! All pale, and pink, and—and—”
It was all too much. The words strangled my throat until I could barely breathe, let alone speak. My lungs felt like they were burning. My chest was a sinkhole about to cave in. I squeezed my eyes shut, crying bitter tears. What I was asking for wasn’t fair, I knew that. But there was still some part of me that still prayed, still hoped…
“Pretty,” she said. 
Her voice was like a drop of water in the desert. She placed her hands over mine, and slid them gently off her shoulders. She didn’t let go. 
I looked up through blurry eyes. “What?” I said.  
“The cherry blossoms,” she said. “They’re pale, and pink, and pretty.”
I swallowed, feeling my heart twist and swell. Then, there was a chasm in my chest, and the same out-of-breath feeling I got whenever there was a particularly brilliant sunset. 
I wet my lips. “Yeah, they are.”
“A thousand cherry blossom would be prettier,” she said. 
Her voice had taken on an odd lilt, and when I looked up, she was smiling. Despite the tears, and the fog in her eyes, and the inevitability of next week hanging over her head, she was still smiling. I dashed away the last of my own tears. 
“A thousand, okay,” I said. “I’ll bring you a thousand for you, next week.”
“143 a day,” she said.
“142 on the last day.” I laughed, shakily. “You remembered.”
She squeezed my hand. “I never forgot.”
I took a deep breath. “Then, promise me. Promise you’ll be here next week, and that we’ll watch the cherry blossoms, and that you’ll read the book, and that you won’t forget. Pinky promise me.”
Kai didn’t say anything; she didn’t have to. Her finger curled around mine.
“You can’t break a pinky promise,” I said.
“I know, I won’t,” she said.
Her eyes may have been glassy and green, and she may have been looking past me. There were a thousand things that had gone wrong, and a thousand more that could go wrong, but when she smiled at me again, her lips struggling upwards, it brought another round of tears to my eyes. I wiped them away, feeling myself smile as well.
“Let’s go back,” I said.
“Okay,” she said.

TWENTY-SEVEN
The way back was spent in silence. I carried her, with her cheek pressed to mine, and her breaths slow and steady against my ears. Not a single word was spoken. Not a single word needed to be said. There was only me, and her, and the next, swaying step.
“Hey, Kai?” I murmured, when we neared the hospital doors.
Kai stirred from my shoulders. “Hm?”
“What was it you wanted to tell me earlier?”
In the wake of all the excitement, I’d forgotten. I hoped it wasn’t anything too important. Kai was silent for a moment, then buried her face back into my jacket. Against my neck, she shook her head. The corners of her lips lifted. “It’s nothing. Don’t worry about it,” she said.
She sounded content, so I bumped my head with hers. “Alright,” I said. 
“Where the hell have you been?”
I jerked to a stop, so fast I almost lost my balance. Kai’s sharp gasp brought me back. Mrs. Katagiri stood in front of the hospital doors, trembling like a wrathful sentry. Her arms were crossed. Her lips were white with anger. She crossed the courtyard in quick, wide strides. I could only watch, speechless.
“Mama,” Kai breathed.
“What were you thinking?” Mrs. Katagiri hissed. Her voice was a sharpened knife. “Leaving the hospital without telling us, without telling me! You didn’t leave a note, or a message, or—get down from there!”
I helped Kai down and steadied her against my side. She swayed for a moment, lurching teeteringly to the left. 
I grabbed her hand. “You alright?”
She nodded, then turned to her mother. I kept my hand over hers.
“I’m sorry, Mama,” she said. Her voice was small. 
Mrs. Katagiri scoffed. “Oh, now you’re sorry.”
Kai looked down. “I’m sorry.”
“Sorry doesn’t cut it!” If Mrs. Katagiri noticed Kai’s flinch, or the way her fingers tightened around mine, she didn’t notice. “What if you’d gotten hurt? What if you’d gotten lost? Or what if, God forbid, some car hit you, or somebody decided to—decided to—” she broke off, unable to complete the thought. 
She let out a single, shuddering gasp. “Oh, honey.”
Kai let go of me and took a step forward. Then, a pair of trembling arms were around her, and Mrs. Katagiri was gripping her so tight it was like she was afraid she’d lose her. Kai hugged her back just as tight. Watching them, with tears staining their cheeks and their shoulders shaking, I couldn’t help the lump that formed in my throat. Then I was blinking back tears myself.
They stayed like that for a bit, and I was content to watch them. They didn’t speak, so I didn’t either. The silence was broken only by their breathing.    
“Come on,” Mrs. Katagiri murmured, when they pulled away from each other. She wiped at her eyes with the sleeve of her jacket. “The doctors are waiting for you. They’ve got, um—there’s a checkup. For next week.”
“Okay,” Kai whispered.   
Mrs. Katagiri nodded in my direction. “You should probably…”
“Right, yeah.” Kai turned to me, pursing her lips into a half-smile. My throat tightened at the sight. “This is my stop,” she told me. 
“Okay,” I said.
“Okay,” she said. 
She left a fleeting touch on my hand, like wind brushing across the tops of waves, like leaves dappling over the surface of the water. Mrs. Katagiri put an arm around her shoulders, and they were just about to turn away when I blurted out, my voice coarse and scratchy, “I’ll see you next week, right?”
Kai stopped, wiping away a lone tear. There was a single moment where I swore her eyes caught mine, and neither of us spoke, but I knew exactly what she was thinking. She took the first step. I took the next. And the next, and the next, until her arms were around me and her hair was in my mouth. Like always, she tasted like strawberries and cream. 
“I’ll see you next week,” she whispered into my ear.
“I’ll see you next week,” I echoed.
I buried my face in her hair. Mrs. Katagiri let us stay like that for a little bit, before clearing her throat. It sounded urgent, whatever they needed to do. I hugged her tighter. “Kai, honey. We should get going,” Mrs. Katagiri said. 
I inhaled her scent. “We’ll read the book, together.”
“Together,” Kai said. 
“And the cherry blossoms. I’ll have a thousand for you.”
“Okay.”
“Kai, honey—”
“Maybe we can even visit New York. Matt and the others miss you.”
“I-I’d love that.” Her voice was breaking.
“Kai—”
“And we can finally get K-barb,” My own voice cracked. “I’ll feed you, of course.”
Kai laughed. A small, watery thing. “Of course.”
“Akari,” Mrs. Katagiri said. The older woman paused, as if something difficult had caught in her throat. “We should get going.”
Kai fell quiet, her breaths warm against the side of my neck. Then, she detached herself from me, fingertip by fingertip, like she was trying to prolong this moment into an eternity. I clutched at her tighter, only letting go when she rubbed my back. 
“Right, yeah,” she whispered.
She took a step back, and after a second longer, turned around. They started making their way across the courtyard, slow and controlled. Step by shuffling step. I squeezed my eyes shut, trying to suppress the tightness in my chest. Something wet and desperate welled in its place. 
“Wait!” I blurted out, right before they could cross through the hospital doors. 
Kai stopped.
I swallowed. “I-I thought your name was Kai!”
Silence set in, and the space between us collapsed until I felt like I was standing right in front of her. I could see her lips move. I could hear her words, carried like cherry blossoms upon the wind.
“It is my name,” she said.
“W-What about Akari?” I asked.
“That’s my real name,” she said. 
Something heavy weighed on my chest. Like my heart had swelled to the clouds. I wet my lips. “What should I call you then?” I asked.
From across the courtyard, I saw her smile, radiant and kind like the sunsets she loved so much. Her eyes flickered green in the splintering sunlight. Her hair lifted with the wind. For a fleeting moment, I saw another girl, another smile, another shoulder, achingly familiar, but all too different.
She breathed in, then out. “You can call me Kai-chan.”
TWENTY-EIGHT
Yo.
Wow, would you look at that. You’ve corrupted me. I mean, honestly. Who starts a letter off like that? I guess you would. Maybe that’s why I am too.
You’re going to have to bear with me for a bit, because I’m using speech-to-text to write this, and I can’t fit everything into one letter. There’s simply too much. It’d be a lot easier if I could do it by hand, but my eyes are… well, yeah. And yes, I did try turning on the lights. I almost tripped, you know.
Dear Chris, (Mr. Big Head) (You have no idea how long it took me to get that right) 
What I’m about to tell you is something I should’ve told you a long time ago, but didn’t, because I was selfish. I guess, if I’m being honest, I just wanted to keep a bit of us to myself, even if it was only for a little while. 
The first time I met you was on a sunny spring day in April, Washington D.C. I went with my family—my mom, my dad, and my sister, Sakurai—to watch the Cherry Blossom Festival. There, we found you. Well, that’s not true. Sakurai found you. The little knight that could.
You were on a quest, and you needed a thousand cherry blossoms to save your grandma. Sound familiar? 
For seven days straight, Sakurai helped you collect the cherry blossoms. 143 a day, and 142 on the last day. And I don’t know if eight-year-old you thought it through, but those are some pretty big numbers. Honestly, who tries to carry that many cherry blossoms in a backpack? I guess you did. 
Honestly.
They were everywhere. In your hair, under your beanie, stuffed inside your shirt and your shoes and your pants, and well, you looked like a walking piece of cotton candy. It was cute. 
Not as cute as me on the day we met, but still cute.
I was wearing this adorable scarf-jacket combo, by the way, and I still have the pictures. Oh, and I kicked you. You made Sakurai cry, so I had to deliver some good old-fashioned justice. I guess, even then, I was hitting you.
And I don’t remember it all that well, but I think it was because Sakurai didn’t want you to leave. She wanted to keep going on quests with you. So you, being you, decided to make us a single pinky promise. You called her Rai-chan, and you called me Kai-chan, and you said we’d never, ever forget each other.
She really believed that, you know. She was diagnosed as terminal some years ago, and passed away when I was fourteen. She loved cats, and sunsets, and quoting Armin Urbutr. She loved writing stories that could make you feel, and watching the cherry blossoms fall from their branches.
She was my nee-chan.
In her last days, she was confined to a hospital bed, much like I was. Her limbs had given out. She had trouble breathing. I held her hand as she wondered about what life could’ve been, and who she could’ve been, and all the dreams she had yet to fulfill. She did a lot of wondering, my sister. Most of all, about you.
You’d think she’d be more worried about not kissing a boy, or not having nearly enough mint chocolate chip ice cream, or what heaven was like. But nope. She was worried nobody would remember her.
She was always worried about that.
Unlike us, Sakurai never forgot that pinky promise. She wanted to be remembered. Maybe not by the whole world, but by just one person: you. She wanted to live in your memories, and make you smile with the times you shared. As her condition worsened, she knew she had to do something.
So, she wrote.
The Boy of the Cherry Blossoms was an instant hit. We watched it shoot to the top of Sheen, surpassing even Orion’s stories. Sakurai was over the moon. It was her tribute to you. Somewhere, somehow, she was hoping you’d read it. She was hoping to make you feel.
Then, one day, I got sick.
I know, I should’ve told you. But if you’re reading this, you already know the truth.
I’m dying, Chris.
I know, I know. I really should’ve told you. And I wanted to. But what was I supposed to say? I couldn’t ask you to stay friends with a girl who was only passing through. I couldn’t ask for you to care for me the same way I cared for you. It wasn’t fair. Not to you. So I didn’t, and I’m sorry.
Nobody told me how long I had left, but I always suspected.
Mama and Papa would talk in hushed tones in the living room whenever they thought I was asleep. And sometimes, Mama would even cry. I knew it was bad, and that I didn’t have much time, so I made up my mind.
If I had to join Sakurai in heaven, then I wouldn’t show up empty-handed. 
I came to find you. Her little knight that could.
Imagine my surprise when you didn’t recognize me at all! I mean, we were standing under the same bus stop. Honestly, Chris. Honestly. That day, I learned that boys were stupid, and you were stupid, and expectations were stupid. I glared at you as that bus rolled away and made myself a single pinky promise. 
I’d make you remember her.
I started talking about sunsets, and Armin Urbutr, and books, and cats, and all the little things Sakurai liked. I took off my sunglasses for you, and I even made you write a book. I thought that maybe, just maybe, if you remembered her, she’d be a little happier in heaven, and I could be a little prouder when I saw her again.
But you’re such an idiot.
You’re nothing like she said you were. You’re stubborn, and impossible to get to, and so easily offended it was kind of funny. You’re taller than I remembered. Your hands were softer than I imagined. And somehow, someway, we became friends. We became, well, I don’t know. And that scared me.
Because it wasn’t supposed to be me.
You were Sakurai’s knight.
I was just a replacement. A fake. Putting up smiles, telling lies, and all because I desperately wanted to prove something to myself and to Sakurai, but I couldn’t. She should’ve been the princess in this story, not me. I was just the one who had the misfortune of realizing that. But little by little, I thought to myself that maybe, just maybe, I’d like it if you remembered me too.
In the end, I guess I really am selfish. 
Sorry. 
Tomorrow is Saturday, the Ides of April. Mama tells me it’s supposed to be the prettiest Cherry Blossom Festival in a hundred years. You’re coming over in the morning, so I’ll give you a proper goodbye then. I’ll tell you everything. From what little time we have left together, to Sakurai, to how we met all those years ago. I’ll tell you about the nicknames and the pinky promise. I’ll tell you how I really feel. 
And I know I’m not supposed to have regrets, and that I should go out with a smile on my face (because, honestly, that was why I started chasing sunsets in the first place), but in truth I would’ve liked to change just one last thing. I would’ve liked to watch the cherry blossoms with you again. 
Maybe that’s wishful thinking.
Some other time, okay?
Love,
Kai-chan
P.S: I’m giving you one of my favorite drawings. You already have something of Sakurai’s, so I want you to have something of mine too. This way, it’ll jog your memory if you ever think about forgetting us. About forgetting me.
	
	
























Acknowledgements

As this story draws to an end, I have so many people I need to thank: my editor, confidante, and biggest inspiration, Janelle-Marie Salanga, who has stuck with me since the beginning; my second editor and one of my closest friends, Adam Overmeer, who did the lovely illustration on the back cover; my brother in all but blood, Armin Nouri, who constantly reminds me that living comes before writing; and of course my family, who are my most ardent supporters. I love you guys.

About the Author

Orion is a writer of two forms—fiction, and code. He currently studies Computer Science at UC Davis, and he hopes that someday, his words and syntax can make somebody feel, somehow. This is his fifth book, and he is currently working on his sixth. 
